Mustang Daily
California Polytechnic State University San Luis Obispo
Volume 51, No. 42
Wednesday, November 19,1986
T caching as career climbs in popularity
By John Grennan
Staff Writer
Teaching has emerged as a popular career choice for many students and the professional studies and education department is being swamped with applications.
Dennis Nulman, associate dean for the School of Professional Studies and Education, said the recent interest in teaching is because of the availability of jobs in the field and a recent state-mandated minimum entry-level salary of about $20,000 a year.
“Both the teachers’ union and the state itself anticipate a big shortage of teachers about five years down the road,’’ said Nulman. “The baby boomers are having children which will create a need for more teachers. Even here in San Luis Obispo there’s talk of reopening schools that have been closed down.’’
Nulman said his department received 1,200 applications for 400 incoming freshman spots in the undergraduate program and 255 applications for 113 spots in graduate studies. “We increased by 43 percent for fall 1986 from the year before,’’ said Nulman.
“Teaching has gained in status and become more desirable,’’ he added. “Two or three years ago you could just walk in and get a spot (in the department). It’s more popular than ever before.’’
A positive result of the demand for spots in the program is that the quality of teachers will improve, said Nulman. “The old idea that anybody who wants to be a teacher can be is a bunch of baloney. Not everybody who wants to be a doctor becomes a doctor.’’
According to Nulman, the department received 270 applications for 39 spots in the liberal studies program for fall 1986, and the minimum GPA See TEACHERS, page 3
Cal Poly teachers who endeavor to write textbooks may find the task Is a lot more than they bargained for. See PULSE, page 5

Tyler Patterson looks Intently at his computer terminal screen.
DOUQ NASCHKE/Muttang Daily
Children benefit from practice on computers
By John Grennan
staff Writer
parents want to extend their children’s time on the com-
The wide eyes and squeals of puters.’’ excitement prove that learning This is the first year the procan be exciting for children gram has been equipped with working with computers.	the new computers. Blodget said
The program is called the the program is fully enrolled and educational technology lab and there is a waiting list. The lab it’s run through the psychology has 12 terminals and offers two and human development one-hour sessions Monday department. Lab director Bob through Thursday. The lab is Blodget said children and open to children ages five to 13 parents alike are enthusiastic and costs $80 per quarter. The
about the program.
“The kids don’t leave,’’ said Blodget,
want “and the
children have their own terminal to and tutor, supplied by the psychology department.
“In a broad sense the goal is for the children to enjoy themselves and learn something,’’ said Blodgert. “But more specifically it’s for the kids to familiarize themselves with computers and work on problem areas of school.'
“Seventy percent of occupations now require work on a computer,’’ he said, pointing out the long-range advantages of children	familiarizing
themselves with computers.
“We chose these computers because they have good graphics
and sound capabilities,’’ he added.
The children like the computers for a variety of reasons. Kim, 6, said she likes to type on the computer. “But my favorite part is Winnie the Pooh,’’ she said, referring to the graphics.
Said Brock, 11, “It helps me with my school work a lot.’’ Then Brock launched into a discussion with his tutor explaining why he agrees with Darwin’s theory of natural selection.
IN QUOTES
All the wastes in a year from a nuclear power plant could be stored under a desk.
— Ronald Reagan
Border Patrol lacks manpower
New law will make changes
By Rod Santos
staff Writer
Illegal aliens are a growing problem in San Luis Obispo County, and this growth has been neglected by the federal government, said a border patrol agent with 20 years experience.
However, a new immigration law passed by Congress could change the nature of the job.
Currently, Congress has set a limit of four agents to work in the San Liiis Obispo office of the U.S. Border Patrol, said Agent Ray Fuhrmann. The four are responsible for covering the area north to Monterey County, south to Buellton, and east to the San Luis
See PATROL, back page

Wednesday. November 19,1986
/
THA 4» EA^Y. WE WERE C-REATEP.

THE KV;S€iAW6 EV^UVEP/i
//
/
t </

liAST.i»^
<k^
•editorial
Justice is served
A blow for the rights of AIDS victims was struck Monday when a federal judge in Los Angeles ruled
that 5-year-old Ryan Thomas should return to the Atascadero school that expelled him.
The Thomases fought long and hard to get their son into school. Not long after he was finally enrolled, the young Thomas was involved in an altercation at the school.
Ryan was expelled for biting a classmate during a fight. He was then ordered to undergo psychiatric examinations to determine the reasons for the biting behavior. This was a ridiculous decision. Anyone who has worked with children of that age group can tell you that when a child is bullied he usually fights back. Biting is a common way for kids to retaliate.
The Atascadero School Board expelled Ryan for fear the virus would be transmitted to other students through saliva. Most researchers do not believe AIDS can be transmitted through saliva, though this is not a proven fact. U.S. District Judge Alicemarie Stotler said in her decision, “As well-meaning as the board has tried to be, the medical evidence is that there is nothing to fear from this child.”
This ruling is important for AIDS victims for two ' reasons. First, they can no longer be discriminated against because of their condition — the same right other handicapped people have. Second, it may help alleviate many irrational fears people have about AIDS. We applaud Judge Stotler’s rational ruling on this emotional issue.
A dream becomes a nightmare
It was in February of this year that the world witnessed the miracle of “People Power” and Corazon Aquino’s revolution in the Philippines. I shall not soon forget the TV images of nuns throwing themselves in front of tanks. But now, nine months later, the miracle is rapidly dying. The fighting has not stopped, and Aquino finds herself in a baptism of fire.
The Philippine nation is now more polarized than ever, with a Communist rebellion continuing unabated. Aquino hurt the Communists by getting rid of their rallying point:	Ferdinand
Marcos. Perhaps she hoped that the rebels would lay down their arms, but they have in fact intensified the brutality of their attacks, especially in the cities.
Communist-backed labor unions have subjected the fragile Philippine • economy to a number of strikes and work stoppages. All this has angered the military in general, and Defense Minister Juan Ponce Enrile in particular. Enrile wants to unleash more military power to finally end two decades of Communist subversion.
But Aquino is holding back. She believes that the general source of the Communist revolution is the tremendous inequity and poverty in the Philippines, which she is trying to correct. She would like to see the rebels re-integrated into the government, and she made a point of pardoning several jailed Communist leaders after her inauguration. This put her at odds with Enrile and the military almost immediately.
Aquino’s cabinet attempted to
DOWN TO EARTH
Jeff Kelly
embrace both sides of the conflict, and in so doing it has fractured along ideological lines. Questions have been raised about Aquino’s leadership ability. She has been accused of being naive, aloof and unable to deal with the insurgency.
Tensions have built to the point where Enrile and his supporters are said to be planning a .military coup. General Fidel Ramos, Aquino’s chief of staff, met with Enrile and other commanders in an effort to discourage any coup attempt.
Then, last Thursday, the Philippines most prominent leftist labor leader, Rolando Olalia, was brutally murdered in Manila. The leftists have blamed his murder on the military and vowed to carry out a series of nationwide strikes. A nearly completed cease-fire agreement between the rebels and the army has been scuttled.
Mao Zedong once said that power comes out of the barrel of a gun, and the world has seen little to disprove this claim. In the Philippines, the greedy guns of the left and right are poised to steal power from a vast majority of innocent people.
Communism and fascism are different in theory, but similar in practice. Under both ideologies, people cannot be trusted with freedom.
The communists feed on
poverty. Their track record in Southeast Asia leaves much to be desired; the Khmer Rouge simply wiped out 3 million Cambodians, and Vietnam and North Korea have been transformed into human beehives. It is not likely that a Philippine communist state would be any different.
Could Enrile do any better? If the military were to take control, conditions would not necessarily improve. Military men are notoriously bad at running a national economy, and in the Philippines economic power is at the heart of the struggle.
How would Enrile rid the Philippines of the Communist infestation? It’s more difficult than spraying for ants. Any disaffected peasant is a potential communist, and it’s not as if all communists have red spots on their foreheads. Enrile would likely mire the Philippines in a prolonged Argentina-style “dirty war’’ complete with death squads and thousands of disappearances.
In the midst of this crisis, the silence from Washington has been deafening. The Reagan administration, hopelessly caught in Iranian intrigue, seems to be ignoring the Philippine crisis. This is a grave mistake.
The administration needs to engage in an intensive diplomatic effort — public and private — to hold together Aquino’s fragile coalition and prevent a military coup. Aquino is far from perfect, but at this point she represents the best hope for the Philippines and the United States. As President Reagan is fond of saying, “If not us — who? If not now — when?”
letters to the editor
Wally George’s visit to Poly called disturbing
Editor — I find it very disturbing that a pathetic man iike Waiiy George has become a cuit hero among young coilege-aged maies. i suppose there is potentiai humor to be found in his performance on a certain conservative caricature
levei, sort of iike Ronaid Reagan meets Don Rickies, if that sort of thing appeais to you.
But there is nothing funny in vicious attacks on AiDS victims and minority groups, no matter how strong your feeiings might be politicaliy. The aura of hate and in-toierance that surrounds this man is simpiy sick, it’s unfortunate and
disappointing to see so much intei-iectuai regression on a university campus. What's next, a Ku Kiux Kian raiiy?
DAN HESS
Letters policy
Mustang Daily encourages readers’ opinions. Letters should .be submitted to Room 226 of the Graphic Arts Building.
Mustang Daily	
Susan Edmondson	Editor
Sue Harris	Managing Editor
Craig Andrews	Insight Editor
Kim Hoiweger	Puise Editor
Mary Anne Taibott	Spotiight Editor
David Eddy	Opinion Page Editor
Dan Ruthemeyer	Sports Editor
Tustin Eilison	Photo Editor
Daryl Shoptaugh	Asst. Photo Editor
Kenneth Dintzer	Editoriai Assistant
Grant Shaffer	liiustrator
Ciaudia Elliott	Generai Manager
Nishan Havandjian	Faculty Adviser
University Graphic Systems	
Steve Muck	General Manager
Katie Dougherty	Publishing Manager
Judy Carlson	Asst. Mgr. Newspaper Production
Sharon Aldaya	Asst. Mgr. Special Publications
BLOOM COUNTY
rft' ?
'J
TOtAORdpu}:
OPEN/iUPITION
FOR NEW Hieri-PROFtr H£AVY-mAL ROCK BAND
mp TO i^3oms\
MPBeABLiTO 6f^MñC¿ MJSfClUY
«g5TgV!g m.LAS4rn
OOOC?
mtns TH/trpwia
Uf'WÑOMr
I
MMM.
mmoitnm
IN
möiLUNe^s?!
by Berke Breathed
r
/


mwtwr
YUe PICKENS !5 "OKimce /mtcmyr
i/f)
\


V

Mustang Daily is published daily (excepi weekends, holidays and exam periods) by (he journalism deparimeni, California Polytechnic State Univer-sity, San Luis Obispo. Advertising appearing herein is solely for informational purposes and does not represent an endorsement by the Publisher or the University. Unsigned editorials reflect .the majority of the Editorial Board, consisting of the editor, managing editor, special sections editors, sports editor and editorial page editor. Produced by University Graphic Systems. Mustang Daily office is located in the Graphic Arts Building, Room 226. Copyright 1986 by Mustang Daily.
* a
a »»II
»»»•I#«««'	>1*
. ft I V 4	.	*	«	•	•	•
f	I
» t t t « • « *
1 » f • > I 1 •
Mustang Daily Wednesday, November 19,1986 3

^MÉÉUÉIÉÉL'’
liy1%#»
«PPlpinr iPilr A
WiENSiiBSdEy.	Ut. HN9Pft ^
North Korea’s Kim shown on TV
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea showed its “great leader,” President Kim II Sung, on television Tuesday while ignoring reports in rival South Korea that Kim died or was embroiled in a serious power struggle.
A Defense Ministry spokesman in Seoul acknowledged North Korean news media reports that Kim was alive and added: “We are closely watching whether these developments in the North have resulted from a serious internal power struggle or its (the North’s) high-level psychological warfare hiding a sinister plot for military provocation.”
An Asian diplomat in Pyongyang, reached by The Associated Press by telephone from Peking, said he saw the 74-year-old Kim at Pyongyang Airport on Tuesday “and he is in absolutely good health.”
The diplomat, who spoke on condition of anonymity, added: “Everything is all right in this country, the situation is absolutely normal. ... There seems to be nothing correct about these reports (of an assassination or power seizure). ... It is absolutely normal, there is nothing wrong. He is absolutely normal, he is in good health.”
„i-e tvo ^


1
Special 0£fer Good Thru Sun 11- 23

■í%139"*
NEW MEMBERS GYM & AEROBICS
<^$109
AEROBICS ONLY ....
00
3S4* S. HIGUERA. SLO
541-5180
Women suspected of killing industrialist
PARIS (AP) — Police said Tuesday they believe two women from the terrorist group Direct Action killed industrialist Georges Besse, who was gunned down on the street outside his home.
The president of the state-owned Renault automobile company was shot at about 8 p.m. Monday a few steps from his house in the city’s 14th district near the Monteparnasse railway station.
Witnesses said the assailants approached Besse, 58, on foot and escaped the same way.
Pamphlets found in a Paris subway station claimed responsibility in the name of Direct Action, a terrorist group of the extreme left that has carried out numerous other attacks, authorities said.
A police spokesman said the
printed statements “appeared authentic’’ and carried the organization’s symbol, a five-pointed star. The same spokesman said earlier that the source of the attack “is un-
doubtedly Direct Action.”
Police say that, according to the accounts of seven main witnesses, most of them neighbors, two women were directly involved in the murder.
TEACHERS
From page 1
was 3.53. Though students used to enter college as liberal studies majors until they decided on another major, Nulman said they now have an internal waiting list to get into the liberal studies program.
“The increased enrollment allocation by the university can’t keep up with the new demand,” said Nulman. “The university is under pressure to create more openings, but it will be a gradual increase.”
The colleges can’t generate
teachers quickly enough to meet the demand, Nulman said, so the districts are hiring teachers from out of state and out of the country, as well as people without their credentials on an intern basis. He added this is quite common in urban areas, where the shortage has the greatest impact.
“I’m real positive about opportunities for teachers in coming years,’’ said Nulman, “especially for high school level science teachers. They can write their own tickets.”
i X*	iT' rc-V'-C «T":
PDO* Resumes
THE $39.95 ALTERNATIVE
•Puity Dwn Quick
544-9789 ♦ 2226 Beebee Street
•	Member of the Amcrieun Qpiometric Association
•	Eyccare Consultant for Cal Poly Health Center
•	Specializing in Contact Lenses
•	All Lens Types Available. Including SIcep-ln and Tinted

•	All Cases Accepted Regardless of Difficulty
•	Selection of the Latest Fashion Eyeware
•	Affordable Fees
•	Student Discounts
“Vision With Care.”
You'll like the personal attention we give to your total eye health and appearance.
You'll appreciate our friendly staff, expert guidance in frame and contact lens selection, and affordable fees.
Derek L. Coombs, O.D,
Doctor of Optometry 1029 Chorro Street San Luis Obispo, CA 93401
543-4777
You are Invited to Preview
the Christmas Collection
for 1986,.,
“/’wi Dreaming of a 'White Christmas
yy
Saturdafy November 22 y 1986 El Corral Bookstore
10:30 am until 2:30 pm
We have been busy all year selecting'the Very Finest Collection of Gifts y OrnamentSy DecorationSy Pottery y Gift BookSy Stuped AnimalSy Gift Calendars and Delightful Stocking Stuffers just for You.
Please Join us for an Open House to Preview these Wonderful Christmas Offerings.
Refreshments will be served.
■ ■ i
'Vv '
4...
EIGxioJ
Bookstoie
MON FRI 7.45AM-4 30PM. SAT ,10;.30AM-2;30PM
4 Wednesday, November 19,1986 Mustang Daily
AT '' ' *	' ■»
} *'

MUSTANG DAILY


calendar

A fun filled afternoon of wine tasting for you and 4 of your friends in a chaufifered driven Limo through the Central Coast Wine Country!!
Wed. Nov. 19th 9:30 PM at
TortiUa Flats
Z93’s Tracy Hyde will be on hand Plan an evening of Dancing, Fun and Prizes at the Flats Courtesy of: Tortilla Flats San Luis Limo & Z93
must be present to win
' <*
jta
WCDDSTOCK’S T^IZZA
Even Makes This Guy Smile
WOODSTOCKS PIZZA: the logical choice
Don’t Forget: six different beers on tap, inciudung one mystery beer.
$100 Off any
WOODSTOCKS PiZZA 541-4420
one coupon per pizza expires 12/13/66
WE DELIVER 541-4420 1015 Court St. SLO (across from Osos St. Subs)
Wednesday 19
•Sigma Chi Fraternity will sponsor the First Annual Sigma Chi Derby Days, a week-long event that will continue through Saturday. Proceeds from the philanthropic event, which will involve all seven Cal Poly sororities, will go to The Community Interaction Program and Wallace Village for Children.
•Alexander Astin, director of the Higher Education Research Institute at UCLA, will deliver a keynote address on “Making the Grade:	Involvement to Ex-
cellence” at 10:30 a.m. in the University Union. The speech is part of a student development program sponsored by the university’s Student Affairs Division.
•The Society of Flight Test Engineers will present Yvonne Des Lauriers from the Air Force Flight Test Center, Edwards Air Force Base, at 7 p.m. Wednesday in Fisher Science Building Room 286. She will speak on “The Role of the Flight Test Engineer in Flight Testing.”
•The Cal Poly Jewish Cultural Exchange will present Sam Shube at 7 p.m. Wednesday in University Union Room 216. He will speak on “The Challenge of Zionist Fulfillment in the 1980s.”
•A meeting for those interested in going on a New York City trip during spring break will be held at 7 p.m. Wednesday in Science North Building Room 202.
•Jean Fritz, author of “Homesick: My Own Story” and “China Homecoming,” will speak at 8 p.m. Wednesday in the Cal Poly Theatre. The speech is sponsored by the English department in conjunction with the Robert E. Kennedy Library.
thursday 20
•Bennett Ramberg, a political science professor at U.C.L.A., wilt speak on “The Changing Meaning of Arms Control” at 11 a.m. Thursday in University Union Room 220.
Submissions contributed for consideration for publication in Calendar must be received by noon two days prior to the event.
Kodak
Color
Processing
A;,K for
BGanol

VJm
Wednesday, November 19, 1986 5

any Cal Poly teacher-turned-authors say writing textbooks is a demanding, often thankless job that holds very little promise of financial reward. Still, when interviewed, most smiled and admitted that they would probably do it again.
Public administration professors Alan Settle and Carl Lutrin co-authored a book, against the many warnings they received. Lutrin said, “A lot of publishers told us that writing a book together is worse than being married, but our partnership works because each of us holds up our end.” Dividing up the chapters equally, the two teachers felt that working as a team would make the project more interesting. Lutrin said, “There’s a lot of truth to the (notion oO loneliness and silence in writing — there’s only the typewriter.”
The joint effort offered the attractions of both company and feedback.
Settle explained the reasons behind the writing of “American Public Administration and Concepts,” which is now in its third edition. “I could put the concepts I enjoy teaching in public administration and distribute them all over the country.”
Another reason was name recognition for the author, which brings prestige to the university and helps students who ask the teacher for letters of recommendation.
William Francois, journalism professor and writer of four textbooks, said that in the case of his mass media law textbook, he felt he could offer a unique perspective. “I can take legal ideas and concepts and work them into more readable prose than, perhaps, a lawyer could.
That’s long been an advantage of this textbook.”
Often satisfaction is the only reward a textbook writer receives for the hundreds of hours of effort that go into the project. Although John Devore’s first writing effort is one of the best selling statistics books in the country, he estimates that the payoff comes to less than $30 an hour. He said, “You have to go into it thinking more than just money; most of the textbooks are written because teachers have pride in the subject, or perhaps for reasons of ego.”
Whatever the motivating force, a great deal of effort goes into making a first-rate book. Devore estimates he put more than 3,(XX) hours into research, writing and rewriting. He explained that textbooks are written in pieces which are shuttled back and forth between the writer and editor in an effort to catch all errors and work out any disagreements over content. He said, “You don’t see things like this in a novel, but in a technical book most publishers like a year in the production stage.” He added that each stage is important, though not always interesting. “Take indexing: it’s a lousy, thankless task. But it’s still important.”
Sometimes a separate publication service is used to compile the book.
Settle said that often these companies can make a difficult task even worse. He said,
“They do the editing, composition and designing — it takes a long time and we had
to push them to make the deadlines. Plus you get charged for every photograph, graph or case history published.”
Once finished, textbooks are frequently adopted by the author’s department, although the method of choosing textbooks varies throughout the university. In the statistics department, the choice is made by a majority vote of all the teachers in that major. When it came time to decide on “Probability and Statistics for Engineering and the Sciences,” Devore did not vote. Jim Daly, head of the statistics department, said, “The teacher should have input to what book is chosen. But for the sake of appearances and to avoid putting pressure on others, it’s
Penning a text
Textbooks may be tough to read, but they*re even tougher to write
better if they’re not involved in the final choice ... there could be a conflict of interest. One reason they write books is to sell them.”
He admitted that in 15 years at Cal Poly, he has never seen the teachers in his department reject a co-worker’s textbook. He said, “I think most faculty feel if they respect the person, that they’ll at least give the book a chance, if there are no major problems.” Francois explained why he chooses to use his own book: “I know my textbook better than any other textbook in the field, and I know how to present that information.”
Lutrin added, “It’s not an ego thing ... I can’t tell if the book is good unless I use it in class. 1 could read the book 40 times (but) the only thing that matters is how the students respond to it.”
Daniel Stubbs, head of the computer science department and co-author of two textbooks, pointed out a conflict of interest is not the only pitfall that may await textbook authors. He said, “When you teach out of your own textbook, you’re not being exposed to someone else’s ideas on the subject, unless you keep up with them on the outside. But when someone writes a textbook on a subject, then you can be pretty sure they know it.”
One student in Lutrin’s class said he disapproved of teachers using their own textbooks. He said, “They are able to pick out minute details in the reading because they	wrote it.	Or they
don’t go over something in class because‘It’s in the book.’ ”
Another student disagreed, saying, “The lectures pertain directly to text material, making it easier to follow. The teacher and the text work well together.” Settle said	that he	uses the
textbook to	augment	what is
learned in class. He said, “My lectures do not replicate my book ... I use the book as a point of departure to much more updated details.”
Devore put it a little more bluntly. “I’ve never had a single
evaluation that said, ‘Why did I bother coming to class?’ ”
More often teachers are asking, “Why did 1 bother writing a textbook?”
After	a	book	"has been	available	for	several years,	and if it	has been
received	well	in	its	market,	the	author	will often be	asked to	revise it.
John Kimmel, sponsoring editor for Devore’s first book, explained why second and third editions are necessary. “When you write a book the »first time, people read it, but no one teaches from it. You can really improve it going from first to second editions.”
He admitted that another reason for revision is to combat the evergrowing used textbook market in which national distribution companies have a profitable field. This money comes out of both the publisher and author’s pocket and can account for the poor return off of books as successful as Devore’s and Stubbs’. Kimmel summed up his problem: “A bookstore makes more money on sales of a used book than on the sale of a



By Julie A. Williams and Kenneth Dintzer
new one.
Lutrin echoed this sentiment. He said everyone is making money off the used tex-tbook, including the bookstore, except for the
author. According to Kimmel, college textbooks bring in more money for the publisher than other type of publication.
Court Warren, El Corral Bookstore director for more than a year, said the store is not getting rich off of used texts; new and used books bring in the same sized profits. He said, “Used books are strictly a service to students.” According to him, the only reason Cal Poly buys back used textbooks is to keep costs down for students.
♦Whether the cause is used books, declining enrollment or just esoteric subject matter, Kimmel said it is not uncommon for a writer to spend
See TEXTBOOKS, back page
Wednesday, November 19,1986 Mustang Dally
DARYL SHOPTAUQH/Muatang Dally
Grapes pampered by coastal weather and soil
By Matt Weiser
Stafi Writer
Everyone knows that the Central Coast offers a great climate for sun-worshiping humans, but many may not realize that another organism benefits equally from the warming rays of the sun: the grape.
The valleys and foothills surrounding San Luis Obispo provide a premier climate for raising certain wine grapes. Some 27 wineries in the immediate area and others throughout the state use Central Coast grapes to create a wide assortment of varietal wines.
Joseph Montecalvo, food science and nutrition professor.
said the combination of consistent warm days and cool nights is an ideal climate for certain types of grapes. “It’s a beautiful climate for the production of Zinfandels, Chardonnay, Cabernets, Pinot Noir,’’ he said. “All of these are very high quality that are produced here.’’
One of the most important aspects of a wine grape, according to Montecalvo and crop science professor Paul Fountain, is the balance between sugar and acid levels. A certain sugar content is necessary for proper fermentation of the wine, and acid level relates directly to the actual flavor of the wine.
Fountain said a relatively mild
• Renewed Clothing
^	• Unique Ornaments From Around The World
r	• Chinese Cotton Loafers and Espadrilles
• Christmas Cards and Gifts ^	• Traditional Toys and Stocking Stuffers
• Wool Scarves and Gloves
AT THE CREAMERY 570 Higuera #10 San Luis Obispo, CA 9.3401 (805) 544-5611
We buy Clothing... call for buying times
DON’T
PUT
Al’ IOlUTD'r, rAIM ,ów Í1M SHOP
Take Broad Sou’h past *he airport
it*-rr )' B'. ■I' V ■-•f’jr, bu“> nv\ooo
climate, consisting of warm, dry days and cool nights, allows a proper balance between sugar and acid levels to develop. “Acidity stays higher in this climate,’’ said Fountain. “It wouldn’t hold under a hot climate.’’
Clay Thompson, winemaker for both Chamisal Vineyards and for his own brand, Claiborne and Churchill, said that a lot of the climate characteristics can be attributed to the ocean breezes.
“It’s the cool ocean air that comes down from Morro Bay and blows right down across the Los Osos V alley into the Edna Valley,’* he said. “It makes a long, cool growing season, which is good for the Chardonnay.’’
Just on the other side of Cuesta Ridge and in the San Joaquin Valley, said Thompson,
the climate is too hot in the summer for the types of grapes grown in Central Coast regions.
Victor Roberts, winemaker for Crestón Manor Vineyards and Winery, said the soil also plays an important role. “What we’re looking for is clay and sandy loam, a lack of underlying hard-pan, and land that accepts water well,’’ he said. “You have to have soil that resists compaction.’’
Roberts said the owners of Crestón Manor spent almost two years looking throughout California for good vineyard land. The combination of climate and soil conditions on the Central Coast is what they were looking for to create a good balance of sugar and acid leveb in the grapes.
But Fountain mentioned other incentives that made local
ONLY $199
TWIN
FULL
QUEEN
}/ OUR FACTORY OUTLET IS LOCATED
OUR FACTORY OUTLET IS LOCATED AT 3080 MCMILLAN RD., SLO (805)544-5682 MON - SAT 10-6
valleys attractive. In the early 1970s, he said, increased grape production was needed to meet a predicted increase in wine consumption. The land at that time was comparatively very cheap on the Central Coast, and banks were willing to loan »lot of money to help growers get started, said Fountain.
Now, Fountain said, land values are even higher than for the well-known and long-established Napa Valley vineyards north of San Francisco.
“Vines need to be at least 10 years old to get the full flavors of the varietals,’’ said Fountain. “The vineyards are just now maturing.’’ He said many local vineyards are just now starting to produce the best quality grapes in their history.
But many of the wines from these grapes are meeting rather difficult competition. “There’s no doubt that they can compete with any Chardonnays around the state,” said Thompson. They simply haven’t been around long enough to establish a name for themselves, he said.
Special &-7pm Every Day
Burger Ch
eese

It’s more than Just'A-• Burger!
7 02. choice beef, lettuce, tomato, pickles, peppers, your choice of 3 delicious buns &. a side of taco chips
DARK ROOM
1037 MONTEREY ST* 543-5131
Mustang Daily Wednesday. November 19,1986
Newly-reopened Chernobyl could lack all promised safety upgrades
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Soviet Union most likely has resumed operation of some nuclear plants without making the safety improvements promised in the wake of the Chernobyl accident, Energy Secretary John Herrington said Tuesday.
“Our best estimate is they started Chernobyl up probably too soon to do all the upgrades they said they were going to do,” Herrington said after testifying at a Senate hearing. “We are reasonably sure they are operating reactors today without the upgrades they promised.”
Herrington said the promised improvements are “major installations” that couldn’t have been completed before the Chernobyl facility started up again Sept 29 — just five months after a fire and explosion ripped through one of its four reactors and sent a cloud of radiation across the globe.
Herrington also said the United States is having trouble getting information about two reactors the Soviet Union is building near Cienfuegos, Cuba, 180 miles from Key West. He said the Soviets were
reluctant to discuss the plants in Augus at a meeting in Vienna.
“The typical response was, you will b reading about this in our technical jour nals. And that is not good enough in thL situation,” Herrington said.
The secretary said he suspects the reac tors will not be of the same design as th« graphite-moderated plant that caught fir at Chernobyl. But he said the Unitet States has no details about the construe tion of the Cuban plants, their safetj systems and who will be operating them.
* * *
PRE-MEDSÜ
* * *
Mu Delta Phi Meeting Thursday, Nov 20 206 Soi N Guest Speaker. Dr. Segal
NEUROSURGEON new members welcome
Ski Racing Team
MEETING: WED 7:00 AG 215 BRING PAPERWORK! JOIN NOW NEW MEMBERS WELCOME
SOCIETY OF FLIGHT TEST ENGINEERS Guest speaker Yvonne Des Lauriers Wed Nov 19 Fischer Sci 286 7:00 Topic: "Flight Testing and You"
YOUR SUPPORT IS NEEDED FOR THE COMPREHENSIVE TEST BAN BEFORE THE USSR's UNILATERAL MORATORIUM ON NUCLEAR TESTS ENDS DEC 31. SSR provides all letter writing materials every activity hour until Dec 5.
ETICS MAJORS!
Proof of immunization against measles & rubella must be provided or you CANNOT register for Spring Quarter. Call the Health Center (546-1211) for details.
ATTN: RESIDENCE HALL STUDENTS!
Proof of immunization against measles & rubella must be provided or you cannot register for classes next Spring Quarter. Call the Health Center (546-1211) for details.
BEAUTIFUL
GIFT BOOKS & CALENDARS • NOW ON SALE AT EL CORRAL BOOKSTORE. SHOP EARLY FOR BEST SELECTION OF CHRISTMAS GIFTS
GOLDEN KEY HONOR SOCIETY Be Recognized for Your Exceilence Resume Reference, Scholarships and more! Find out About Us THURS Nov 20 11 to 1 in the UU.
HAPPY HOUR AT CAL POLY??
2 for 1 special centerpieces, dry arrangements, dry materials, mums FRIDAY 3-5-.30PM POLY PLANT AND FLORAL 546-1106 Located at the top of Via Carta
Join the Great American Smokeout and take a day off from smoking-Thurs. Nov. 20. Free raffle for those who turn in a pack of cigarettes at the Student Health Center. Don't miss the "Cold turkey” Sandwich special in the staff dining hall.
MISSIONS:
Unieached People, The FInel Frontier
Conte discover Chrtstien Missione Sat Nov 22 8am 1st Baptist Church 13 at 2075 Johnson All Welcome
ROSE SALES THURS. 11-1 IN UU $1.50/ MED STEM bySAE
THE HOLIDAY’S ARE HERE!
Share yourself or your club through the Holiday Sharing Drive. Get Into the spirit-everywhere from carolling at a retirement home to a toy drive Call 546-2476 for more info.
STUDENT COMMUNITY SERVICES
Warm up with jackets and sweats by Local Motion, Town & Country, Gotcha, Blllabong- At the Sea Barn in Avila Bdsch
WARREN MILLER’S
"Beyond The Edge” in Cal Poly Theater Nov. 21 & 22,Fri&Sat 7&9:15 P.M. Tickets on Sale in U.U. Box Off.
30% REBATE Buy 3 or more of center-pieces, dry arrangements, dry materials, mums and receive 30% off SAT 10AM-2PM POLY PLANT AND FLORAL 546-1106 Located at the top of Via Carta
David Long You’re my hero. Happy Birthday! Love Sloan
KRISTY T & TERRI S WALDO SAYS You & SAE formal • Awesome
RCJ
THANK YOU PORK PIE CUMQUAT FOR MAKING MY BIRTHDAY SPECIAL MSGREENE
TO THE
NCTV FootballTeam An Exciting Season
DOUG,STEES,BILL.SHOE,BEN,GOOSE SCHREIBER,HAMSTAD,ROY,RICH, ANDTOM
THANKS FOR ALL THE FUN.
NOEL
BILL X 2,
The margaritas were the best. You coaches have a great talent for making points.
Your Kay Dees In Training
DERBY DAYS
FRANTERNITIES WITH THEIR LETTERS WELCOME TO THE FOLLOWING EVENTS
THURS. NOV. 20- AIR-BAND CONTEST 8:00pm CAMP SAN LUISOFFICIERS CLUB
SAT. NOV. 22- ALL GREEK BASH!!
DOORS OPEN 9:30 ATTHEGRANGE HALL
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND SCHEDULES AVAILABLE AT DERBY DAY HEADQUARTERS IN THE U.U.
DERBY DAYS ‘86
SORORITIES ARE YOU READY??
WE’RE GOING AROUND THE WORLD IN A DERBY DAZE.
-LOVE SIGMA CHI
PETE BACK & MARK BOWMAN: Your Order of Omega big sis loves you! Congrats...HAVEFUN! Kristi
Phi Delta Theta would like to take this opportunity to thank IFC and its member Fraternities for their support during Fall quarter. We also look forward to Successful Winter and Spring quarters. Go Phi Delts, Go Triad, Go Greeks! PDTEC
Rappin Coaches of GAMMA PHI BETA: Hundred people poled,survey says we have the best coaches!
Get ready for an Incredible time!
SIGS,
The Kay Dees are psyched for Derby Days. We can't wait for the games to begin.
MONTY PYTHONS LIFE OF BRIAN This weeks midnight movie at the Fremont Nov 21 & 22. Door pdzes Only 1 more movie for the quarter Don’t miss this event
SREWARDS
LOST HP-12C IN UU SAT NIGHT Please call Greg at 544-0768 to collect reward.
INEEDGRADTIXI WILL PAY CALL KEITH 541-4925
Wanted: 9 Overweight People serious about losirtg 10-29 lbs In 30 days. 100% guararteed ^1-1128.
COMPUTERIZED RESEARCH FOR YOUR INTERVIEW PROJECT PAPER SPEECH INFORMATION FOR YOUR SUCCESS THE ANSWER BOX 541-3001
FREE*FREE*FREE*
Attic insulation door weatherstripping, waterheater blankets Sponsored by Gas Co.-Call: Energy Dept. Helen or Micky 544-4355
FREE-WELL ALMOST!!
Tune up your vehicle at the ASI Hobby garage-near the entrance to Poly (5anyon Open Wed-Sun 546-2435.
A-1 Secretarial Service Papers, Resumes,Senior Projects,Word Process-ing-CLASSIFIED COMPUTER 756 Santa Rosa SLO 5434)321.
Another year, and I'm still here. For typing, call Susie, 528-7805.
COMPUT-IT 544^420. Quality Word Pro-cesslng. Term Papers, Professional Resumes. Top quality Laser Printing.
EXL TYPG $1.25P MB 772-2367 pd
EXPERIENCED CAL POLY TYPIST. CLOSE TO CAMPUS 5434)550.
FAST SERVICE-Experlenced typists $1.25 page 543-7631 Chris Lloyd 541-4761 Peggy; 544-2943 Both-days
FOR ALL YOUR TYPING NEEDS CALL BONNIE, 5434)520, EVES.
Overnight service, usually $1.50/pg, typical -Leslie M9-9039
PROFESSIONAL TYPING. CALL SANDY EVES6-9PM 544-3376
QUALITY WORD PROCESSING Fast/Cheap Revisions Spell Check Computer Education Sves. 528-5049
R&R WORD PROCESSING AND TYPING (Rona) M-Sat, 9am-6pm,by appt, 544-2591.
RESUME, PAPERS, PROJECTS, WORD PROCESSING DONE IN SO CTY CON-SHA'S OFFICE SUPPLY PISMO BCH 773-5851 DAYS 4894)724 EVE
SHORT NOTICE. LOW $. POLY P/U. TOP QUAL WD PROC. KEEN EDIT. 772-8211.
TYPING 1.50/pg 544-2822 Leave message If machine answers
USE R COMPUTERS Word Processing Service With Laser Printer. Near Typeset Quality. Resumes $18, Reports $15 per hour 544-7676
WORDPROCESSING-Senior Projects, papers, spell check-cheap 15494X333
YOUR TYPE
FAST, PROFESSIONAL SERVICE 543-7773
20 yrs. exper. Sr. Prog, Term Papers, Books, Call Joanell -544-2547.
ONE DAYWORK
SELL YOUR CRAFTS, POLY X-MAS SALE DEC 4 CALL 546-1266
Year round student representatives needed to wot1( for (2) national
iiroup travel companies. Earn $ and ree trips-Yeiar Round. Next trips-Mlaml, Ft. Lauderdale, Dayton Beach Call: 1-800^54-6933. This could be a member of the school staff.
TACO BELL
CREWMEMBERS POSITIONS AVAILABLE
STARTING AT $4TO $4.50 PER HOUR, DEPENDING ON EXPERIENCE.
HOURS AVAILABLE 8a.m.-4p.m.	2p.m.-10p.m.
11a.m.-3p.m. 5p.m.-1a.m.
11a.m.-7p.m. 6p.m.-2a.m.
12p.m.-8p.m. 7p.m.-3a.m.
10p.m.-3a.m.
LUNCH SHIFTS AT $5 PER HOUR
12p.m.-2p.m. or 11:30a.m.-1:30p.m.
CHOOSE ANY COMBINATION OR POSSIBLY COME UP WITH YOUR OWN!
JANITORIAL POSITION ALSO AVAILABLE. EXPERIENCE PREFERRED
APPLY IN PERSON 297 SANTA ROSA SUITE A, SLO
TACO BELL
SALARIED MANAGEMENT CAREER OPPORTUNITIES AVAILABLE FOR HIGHLY MOTIVATED, SUCESS SEEKING PERSONS! BONUSES AND BENEFITS! WE WILL TRAIN!
APPLY IN PERSON 297 SANTA ROSA SUITE A, SLO
GREAT DEAL ON HIGH QUALITY USED OFFICE FURNITURE.Wood or metal desks all sizes,lamps,chairs, tables,AND 2 or 4 drawer files.ALL THE BEST USED OFFICE FURNITURE 4420 Broad SLO 543-2596 Free Delivery in SLO
PATRICK NAGEL
Commémoratives all museum framed 1 -$900 2-$900 4-$600 5-$450 6-$450 7-8350 Carol A.P. museum framed $3500

Rosslgnal STS Skis w/ Look bln-ings; 200cm. $45/or best offer. Call Mike at 543-8984.
XMAS Special
Available Til 12-24-86 PC-XTCLONE-640K-RAM,Turbo Board 8:04 CLOCK Speed Mono-Graphics Card printer port,Monotor&AT Type Keyboard, 2-360K Floppy drives $12£^. plus Tax Cash & Carry .Add-21 meg Internal hard Drive and Take away one Floppy drive $1795.00 plus Tax. Call Collect 7:00 To 5:00 Daily. Santa Marla 9284)840.
1985 RALEIGH RACING COMPETITION 21" ABSOLUTELY LIKE NEW, GREAT BIKE, HATE TO SELL $400. 549-9544
85 Nissan Pulsar NX New tires, sunroof, spoiler, bra, alum, rims, z-tone silver/black,
AC, AM/FM-CASS, No dents, 5-speed. $4800 Call 541-5798
F rmmate needed to share rm in Lagunr Lk condo. Avaiiable winter Qtr. Washer dryer,garage,jacuzzi,frplc All util pd $180/mo 541-8603.
Female New condo firepic,pool,BBQ etc. Close to Poly Renae 438-3329
MALE - Nice New Condo, Fireplace, Jaccuzi, W/D, ETC $180 546-8028
MASTER BDRM w/OWN BATH 175.00 each dbl occ Laguna Lake Wash/ dryer,garage,etc NON-SMOKER AVAIL DEC 15 546-9448
OWN ROOM IN FURNISHED APT. LAUNDRY DISHWASHER CLOSE TO POLY APPROX 260mo FEMALES 544-4940
OWN ROOM
1 F RMT needed move in Wtr. qtr. LUZURIOUS WOODSIDE 543-8324
Room For Rent. $180/MO. Laguana Lake Area. Starting Winter Qtr 5434)994.
ROOMMATE NEEDED FOR WTR/&/SPR male, share room, walk to Poly, nonsmoker. ONLY $172/mo. 544-3173
YOUR OWN ROOM AVAILABLE IN WOODSIDE APT. Female Needed to live with Great Girls 544-9746 Available Mid-December
1-2 F RMTS NEEDED-HUGE APT. Beginning Wnt. Qtr. $210/mth. Close to Poly! Call 549-8969
2 FM needed/share room in condo Many ^ x-tras $210ea/month 543-5487.
ONE BEDROOM COTTAGE FOR RENT $450/MO Available now 541-6258
BUYING A HOUSE?
Free list of all the affordable houses and condos for sale in SLO,including condos near Poly .Call Steve Nelson F/S Inc 543-8370.Leave Message.
For list of affordable SLO homes. Call Kent Mazzia, County Propertios 544-5777.
HELP WANTED
Hiring for new market.
■Experienced or not experienced ■Fuii or part time work
Produce cierks, grocery cierks, checkers and managers. $4-$8 per hour, interviews to be heid 11/21/86 from 9am-3pm at 111 HighSt., San Luis Obispo.
5 Wednesday, November 19,1986 Mustang Daily
PATROL
From page 1
Obispo County line. “With four 5uys covering a county and a lalf, we’re just scraping the surface,’’ said Fuhrmann.
During the recent election, President Reagan signed a bill vhich grants amnesty to illegal iliens who have been in the rountry since 1982, and allows
them to apply for legal immigration. Applicants will have' six months to get proof of their residence, and 12 months to file for the immigration process.
For the moment, said Fuhrmann, the border patrol is awaiting directions from Washington, D.C., before apprehending any further suspects.
Daylight Deals On Futons & Palms
6” Parlor Palms $4”
6” Futons $99 Double
Best prices on frames and other pads In stock too!
Operi
10-6
Daily
541-3166
WUGH'
Worldwide Delivery Available M C Visa
_____ 1998 Santa Barbara Street, San Luis Obispo
JOIN NOW AND SAVE 50%
GRAND PRE-OPENING
Join Now and Save 50%
THE CLUB
FINALLY . . . th«r* is a FIRST CLASS Haollh . Club in our oroo. In a clots oil by itsolf, in on oroo that dosorvos tho host , . . SOMEDAY IS HEREI
tr««!- I
Glu« # Gift of
HEALTH
For THo ttott^oyo
PHYSICAL!
CALL
544-CLUB


7	
ôy 0 7 . ^ 7 ^ <nl I	R
i GraH0dâ	
f TAciK ^	
FACILITY INCLUDES:
Full Seven Days -
•Ullrs-modern physical iilnets center lot men/women
•Personalised desitned profrest chart •Space age lelectorised cam driven equipment
•Computerised llferower - lifecycle — Slairmasler, etc.
•Olympic tree weight room •Aerobics • including low impact classes lor men/women •Siruclurc (itrress stretching classes •Wolfe lannixig_syslem available eti'OMNiNO Houast ta A.M. to ipja. MON.iHauraioat, sat. isp.m. to irM
•Hours Irom 6 a m. to 11 p.m. Mon. thru Fri., Sal. 8 a m. to 8 p.m..
Sun. 11 a m. lo8 p.m. •Acu-massage tacilily available — "Compulerised"
•Private showers •Desert dry sauna room •Vitamins • iuice bar • pro-shop •Kiddie Korral available while mom
eiercises
•Over 2S years of eaperience by international soa consultants
3563 SUELDO ST. SAN LUIS OBISPO
OFFS. HIOUIRA Oronodolost To Suoldo
Join Now and Sovel
LImItod Charter Memberships Awallobte.
CALL 544-CLUB
Fortunately, he said, the new bill carries provisions for an increase in manpower, because the patrol needs to accommodate amnesty applicants. However, he added, “if it’s a token number, it won’t do us any good.’’ In any case, concluded Fuhrmann, “our work is going to change drastically.’’
The San Luis Obispo office, which began operation in 1968, is located on the west side of Highway 101 between Los Osos Valley and Madonna Roads. Fuhrmann has been working at the office since 1970, and had previously spent five years patrolling the Texas-Mexican border.
The local border patrol is a federal agency under the U.S. Justice Department, and is one of several backup stations in California which pick up illegal aliens who slip past stations at the Mexican border and in San Clemente. Some of these aliens work in town in restaurants and factories, said Fuhrmann, but “the majority are in labor-intensive agricultural areas, such as Santa Maria and Guadalupe.’’
In general, the border patrol checks out calls and complaints about alleged illegal aliens by driving right to a job site in marked cars and uniforms, and talking to suspects. “We get a lot of information from
TUSTIN ELLISON/Mustang Dally
The Border Patrol office is on the outskirts of San Luis Obispo.
disgruntled or layed-off employees,”	explained
Fuhrmann. Most of these employees have been replaced by illegals who are happy to earn in an hour here what they would work all day for in Mexico.
Once at a job site, agents ask suspected illegals for identification or immigration documents, and arrest those 10 to IS a day who are without them, said Fuhrmann. They can also make customs and drug enforcement arrests, he added.
Some of the illegal aliens try to run and hide, Fuhrmann said.
HAPPY HOUR AT CAL POLY! THIS FRIDA Y 3PM to 5:30 PM
2 for 1 special on mums, centerpieces, dry arrangements and dry materials.
THISSATURDA Y10 AM to 2 PM
Buy 3 or more of the dry arrangements, dry materials, centerpieces or mums and receive a 30% rebate at
CN^U!>
STDit

UOWkKf
Poly Plant and Floral **“	546-1106

OpenM-F 12-4 PM Sat. 9 AM- 5 PM
CAL POLY SKI CLUB PRESENTS
Warren Miller’s
meto

Noví21'
ickets in
7:00 PM
9:15 PM BOX OFFICE! CAL POLYTHEATRE
“but the majority, once apprehended, are jovial and say, ‘we will be back.’ ’’
In arrest reports, suspects tell border patrol agents of their citizenship, their method of getting here, and some biographical background.
After the report is filed, the aliens can either fight deportation by presenting immigrant documentation in a hearing before an immigration judge, or request voluntary departure from the country. According to Fuhrmann, 90 percent of the aliens choose voluntary departure and return to the border via federally-funded bus rides.
Once the illegal aliens return to Mexico, some move down the border a few miles, then hire “coyotes,’’ smugglers who set up guides to escort groups back across to the United States. Fuhrmann said that smuggling is a multi-million-dollar, felonious business which thrives on the thousands of people who enter the United States illegally every day.
TEXTBOOKS
From pages
several years working on a book and be rewarded with 3 to S cents an hour.
For this and other- reasons, some writers have said “Never again.” Devore is one of these. He said, “They (the two books) have taken big chunks out of both my professional and personal lives. The thing is just with you constantly; with the teaching load it just becomes too much.”
Lutrin reached the same conclusion, but for a different reason. “We were offered a contract to do another book for general education of American government, but I couldn’t convince myself that it was really needed. In (my) office alone there are 20 books on government that are really good.”
Regardless of the negative aspects, both Francois and Settle plan to write again and Stubbs has already signed a contract for another text. The computer science professor said he enjoyed the experience that writing brought, but he could sympathize with a statement that Jimmy Carter made after working on his memoirs: “I thought being president was hard, but that was before I tried to write a book.”