Mustang Daily
California Polytechnic State University San Luis Obispo
Volume 51, No: 132
Tuesday, May 19,1987
Twilight surrounds Sunset Drive-In before moviegoers arrive for the evening.
By Jon Bachman
staff Writer
Although the drive-in has been an American ritual for more than 30 years, its future is uncertain.
There are only 2,000 drive-in theaters left in the United States today, a sharp reduction from the all-time high of nearly 5,000 in the 1950s.
Larry Rodkey, owner of the only operating drive-in in San Luis Obispo County, the Sunset Drive-In, said drive-in disappearance is caused by many factors.
“The land that drive-ins take up is the major reason you won’t see any more drive-ins going up,’’ Rodkey said. “The owners of the land find it much more profitable to put in shopping centers. Also, people prefer to go to walk-in theaters
because they can get better sound quality and a better picture on their screen.”
Herb Gunn, manager of Fremont Iheatre, said 75 percent of the drive-ins that existed in the past five years are gone.
“Because of expanding land values, it’s just not feasible for the owners of the land to use it for a drive-in any more,” Gunn said.
Another problem drive-ins face is getting first-run, top-quality Hollywood movies from the major distributors, which usually go to the big movie chains such as Mann theaters.
“The thing with film is that when a theater buys a picture, they have to put up a bid,” Rodkey said. “Around here the Festival Cinema usually wins because they can afford to put up the most money.”
DARYL SHOPTAUGH/Mustang Dally
Rodkey said the reason theaters such as Mission Cinemas, Fremont Theatre, Festival Cinemas and Madonna Plaza charge the usual $5 for a movie, while other theaters such as Fair Oaks and the Bay Theatre can show movies for less, is because the big theaters have to pay a high price to get a first-run movie, while smaller theaters have to wait until it’s played everywhere else before they can show it.
“The first-run theaters have to charge the $5 just to pay for the movie they get,” Rodkey said. “The smaller theaters like the Fair Oaks and the Bay Theatre have to pay a percentage of what they make on the movie after it’s played everywhere else. The same applies here at Sunset. We have to pay back 35 percent of the gross we make.
See DRlVE-lN,page6
Sponsors help bring entertainment to Poly
By John Grennan
staff Writer
ASI has begun soliciting corporate sponsorships in order to bring quality programs to Cal Poly at less cost to the student.
ASI controller Andy Higgins said the corporate sponsorships are a good deal for everyone. “Big companies find it tough to reach the college crowd,” he said, “so corporations are willing to do it (underwrite programs) to get in touch with the students.”
What the sponsorships mean to students is more for their dollar, according to Higgins. “Student fees needn’t be raised to support programs,” he said. “We (ASI) might put out $10-15,000 for a program, but this way we put out around $800.”
The most recent corporate-sponsored event at Cal Poly was the Coors Comedy Commandos. With Coors paying for the act and help-
ing with promotions, Higgins said it cost students only $2 for the show. If ASI did everything, it would have had to charge students between $9 and $12.
“We essentially made money on that event, rather than subsidizing it with student funds,” said Higgins.
Another corporate-sponsored event was the spring quarter ASI film series, which was underwritten by General Motors. “General Motors got a plug on the promotional material,” said Higgins, “and they got a day to display some of their cars in the University Union.”
Higgins said the biggest problem with corporate sponsorships is that ASI must avoid competing with the university for funds.
“The administration is concerned if we’re soliciting businesses that aren’t our business
Tipsy Taxi looking for extra $700 in funding
By Monica Fiscalini
Staff Writer
Tipsy Taxi is soliciting funds from clubs and community organizations after receiving $2,000 of the $2,500 requested under the 1987-1988 ASI budget.
Coordinator Franklin Burris said the program needed $2,700 from ASI but only asked for $2,500, so is now looking for an additional $700.
Poly Phase has already donated $100 to the Tipsy Taxi program. Dave Benham, a member of Poly Phase and also a senator from the School of Engineering, suggested that his club make the donation. Benham said Poly Phase thinks it is important to discourage drunk driving and to improve student/ community relations.
Benham said he hopes to make a statement to other clubs that Greek organizations shouldn’t have to carry the burden of community relations. Benham also sees the donation to Tipsy Taxi as a thanks to the patrons of the Poly Phase book exchange.
Burris said he wants to get funding from clubs as well as from fraternities and sororities. Walt Lambert, coordinator of Greek Affairs, said, “I try to en-See TAXI, back page
to approach,” said Higgins, mentioning companies such as Hewlett-Packard that donate equipment and funds to universities. “There are some gray areas on who we can approach. We haven’t hammered out a formal policy yet.”
Higgins added that ASI is picky about whc it gets for the sponsorships. “The company must have a good name,” he said. “The administration was concerned with Coors coming because of the alcohol issue, but it was very well done and they never once pushed drinking beer.”
Higgins said that in the future corporate sponsorship will be a great way to bring top-notch speakers and entertainment to Cal Poly. “It can cost us up to $20,000 to put on some shows,” he said. “This way we minimize our risk, make some money and get good quality programs.”
Cal Poly’s president has to split his loyalties between campus and outside obligations, but his secretary helps him budget his time.
IN QUOTES
Do not depend on one thing or trust to only one resource, however preeminent.
— BaitasarGracian
Mustan


	
Tuesday, May 19,1987
iiiliíBli
ON THE STREET
Is it too late to send Klaus Barbie to trial?
Rick Rogers, biological sciences junior:
No, as long as they’re sure he did it. Just because he’s hidden this long doesn’t mean he doesn’t have to pay for what he did to the Jews.
Becky Smith, business freshman:
If they have enough proof, then it’s not too late, even if he’s really old. If he did it all, then he deserves to die.
' ^

<■
Fred Starkweather, architecture senior:
No. That was something that happened in wartime and the results will last for a long time. We should maintain an awareness of the Holocaust by taking action against people who caused it.
Mike Risso, ornamental horticulture senior:
No, it’s within a reasonable lifespan of people still emotionally troubled by what happened. It was such an epic disaster that it will be imprinted in their minds for a long time.
The times they are a-changin’. In 1982 I left a good job at Marineland to come to Cal Poly. At the time KMET was my favorite radio station, we used punch cards in computer classes and Mustang Daily was put together on manual typewriters. All that’s changed. Marineland and KMET are gone, while the journalism and computer science departments have entered the 20th century.
For better or worse, change is inevitable, except when the invisible hand of bureaucracy gets a grip on an idea and holds onto it long after it has outlived its usefulness. The General Education and Breadth requirements, that bouillabaisse of classes that dominates our college experience, is one idea that has gone awry, destroying students’ enthusiasm and replacing it with boredom.
There is an old saying that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing. But when the subject is philospophy, psychology or the life sciences, a little knowledge is a useless thing.
Introductory classes are
PERSPECTIVFS
Kenneth Dintzer
A little knowledge is a useless thing
geared toward preparing students for further studies in the field. But with numerous GE requirements to fulfill, one class may be the only exposure to a subject students get. Most of what is covered is quickly forgotten, and anything retained is only useful when working crossword puzzles and watching “Jeopardy.”
The “take this class, take that class” approach is defended by some who feel it encourages students to examine their options. But at Cal Poly, changing majors is discouraged. The theory at this university is a) know what you want to do before you get here, and b) do that.
With these two conflicting approaches — opening students to a subject and then denying them the opportunity to pursue it fur-
ther — students have become frustrated and disinterested.
Even administrators know most GE classes are throwaways. With a wink and a nod, they allov/ us to take the classes credit/no credit so the grades won’t affect GPAs. Teachers, with a wink and a nod, grade on attendance and rote memorization. And students play “cram ’n’ forget.”
All this winking and nodding makes me dizzy and nauseated. It’s not that I mind easy classes, but if I’m going to waste my time. I’d rather do it with a beer in hand and a Dodger game on the TV.
An example of my point lies in the computer science requirement many students face. They get 10 weeks of writing programs
in BASIC. But teaching programming to non-technical majors is like starting a driver’s training class with a detailed analysis of carburetors.
The school systematically instills computer phobia instead of teaching how to choose a good computer and how a computer can help in everyday life. The misdirected efforts can be seen in the library’s computer room on any night: students cursing, crying and requesting help from anyone with an air of confidence.
Every computer science student knows how pathetic the situation is, but that hasn’t brought change.
To rectify the situation, two steps must be taken. First, departments must renovate GE classes so they are interesting to the masses — light on theory and memorization and heavy on practical use. Second, and more importantly, students should be given more control of their curriculum and a chance to build an enjoyable and useful schedule.
After all, it’s not like they’re going to choose something easier than Biology 101.
LETTERS
Poly’s fun derived from booze instead of dating
Editor — 1 am writing to express my concern over certain aspects of the college atmosphere. There seems to be a serious lack of social dating at Cal Poly, and San Luis Obispo as well.
At first, I figured this to be my problem, but it seems that many others have also come to address this issue. I have tried many times to ask girls out, and have always ended up with the same old excuses, along with suspicious eye contact as to the nature of the request.
Last year, I took a psychology class and was informed by the professor and several members of the Gay and Lesbian Student Union that approximately 40 percent of the female population at Cal Poly is lesbian. That seemed rather high. 1 realized that other factors such as population ratios, academically stressful environment and location of the university also have to be taken into consideration. Still, the ballpark statistic stayed in the back of my mind.
1 am happy to say that this quarter I have been dating girls in Santa Barbara. There is an obvious difference in social attitudes. There is more openness there and less emphasis on deriving one’s social life from a bottle of booze, as is the case here.
In closing, 1 must say that my educational experience here has not been all negative. 1 have received a fast-paced education in SLO town! 1 also have a degree that says B.S. on it (and we all know what that stands for).
R.H. BOHL
Correction
In a story on allergies in the May 18 Mustang Daily, local allergist	Robert
Holzhauer was incorrectly identified as a collaborator in a pollen study	project.
Holzhauer is a financial supporter of the project but has not done actual fieldwork. Dr. Arthur McLean should have been credited for his work on the project.
Mustang Daily		
	Susan Edmondson	Editor
	Sue Harris	Managing Editor
	Mary Anne Talbott	Spotlight Editor
	Pamela Varma	Pulse Editor
	Matt Weiser	Insight Editor
	Elmer Ramos	Editorial Page Editor
	Dan Ruthemeyer	Sports Editor
	Shirley Thompson	Photo Editor
	Daryl Shoptaugh	Asst. Photo Editor
	Grant Shaffer	Illustrator
	Alan MacKenzie	Faculty Adviser
	University Graphic Systems	
	Katie Dougherty	General Manager
	Rob Newlin	Publishing Manager
	Sandy Kolbe	Asst. Mgr. Newspaper Production
	Robin Beck	Asst. Mgr. Special Publications
COUNTY
pw...immrv¥ir imsFeafíLPfífwouLP KmimwpisctJíó.. m Tmufmm.mysCAL fucrs OF fiRBum-	ma.
!
J

OH, I KNOW rve
youMAume known
YOm FOR AOm IT THIS,.	ALL FOK AL-
/	MOST mo
PeCAPBi, ^ X


by Bcrtec
IJ<^íoÍ9
you
WBKBN'T
deRtOUO,
mm you ?
t
Mustang Daily Is published dally (except weekends, holidays and exam periods) by the journalism department, California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo. Advertising appearing herein is solely for informational purposes and does not represent an endorsement by the Publisher or the University Unsigned editorials reflect the majority of the Editorial Board, consisting of the editor, managing editor, special sections editors, sports editor and opinion page editor. Produced by University Graphic Systems. Mustang Daily office Is located in Graphic Arts Building, Room 226. Telephone (806) 546-1143. Copyright 1987 by Mustang Daily.
4>S	^	S«> Sv

Airplane close calls increase
LOS ANGELES (AP) — At least 58 near collisions of airplanes have occurred over Southern California so far this year, and in at least two dozen instances, the aircraft missed one another by less than 500 feet, it was reported today.
Statewide, 86 near collisions were reported through May 10 compared to 56 for the period in 1986, according to the records. There were 204 near collisions reported in California for all of last year.
In at least 11 instances, air traffic controllers did not see the impending collisions on their radar scopes, according to Federal Aviation Administration reports.
Weekend gas prices will rise
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Motorists traveling during Memorial Day weekend will find gasoline prices have started their summer price climb, and self-serve unleaded regular will cost about 94 cents, the California State Automobile Association said Monday.
The AAA affiliate said gasoline prices have been on the rise for the past four months, although prices today for unleaded at self-service pumps are 8 cents lower than a year ago.
A CSAA survey of more than 600 service stations in Northern California and Nevada shows that prices of regular leaded at self-service pumps are averaging 88 cents a gallon this month, up 2 cents, with full-serve prices at $1.24, up 4 cents.
Unleaded regular at full-service pumps is $1.22.
Scope of civil rights expanded Iraq to investigate ship attack
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court, significantly expanding the scope of civil rights legislation, ruled Monday that federal civil rights laws aimed primarily at helping blacks may also protect Jews and Arabs against discrimination.
The court, in two unanimous decisions, in effect said that race may involve more than skin pigment.
In one case, the court cleared the way for a suit by an Arab who said he was denied tenure on a Pennsylvania college faculty because of racial discrimination.
In the second case, the court reinstated a suit by a Jewish congregation in Silver Spring, Md., against vandals who defaced a synagogue with anti-Semitic and Nazi-type slogans and symbols.
Marijuana searches limited
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court, which last year said police do not need court warrants to search from airplanes for marijuana growing in fenced-in residential yards, Monday let stand California court decisions limiting the 1986 ruling.
The justices, over two dissenting votes, turned down an appeal by California prosecutors aimed at striking down the state court decisions.
The decision effectively limits aerial searches for marijuana to navigable public airspace, which begins at 1000 feet, and prevents intrusion into private airspace below that without a search warrant.
IRAQ (AP) — In its first statement on the missile attack that killed 28 servicemen aboard the USS Stark, Iraq said President Saddam Hussein had ordered a “serious investigation” to determine if the Iraqi air force was responsible.
“Iraq would never intentionally attack any target in the gulf unless it was an Iranian target. If this attack was indeed carried out by Iraqi warplanes, then it would have been a result of confusion by the pilots,” an unidentified Iraqi Foreign Ministry spokesman told the official Iraqi news agency.
The spokesman urged U.S. officials to be patient until the investigation was done and said Iraq would “publicly announce the results of the investigation and apologize with sorrow” if its air force was behind the attack.
“We expect an apology and compensation for the men who died in this tragic incident,” a White House statement said. “We also seek compensation for the ship.”
President Reagan expressed “concern and anger” Monday over the missile strike and he put U.S. forces on heightened alert in the Persian Gulf with authority to fire at threatening warplanes.
Vice Adm. Henry C. Mustin, deputy chief of Naval operations, said the ship knew it had been “locked on” by the warplane’s radar — a prelude to attack — and that the Stark attempted twice by radio to warn the attacker that it was an American ship. He said it was not known whether the message was received.
When In trouble, Call a PAL...
PAL
AUTO DETAIL
AUTO BODY REPAIR PAINT • STEAM CLEANING AUTO DETAILING Free pickup arid delivery.
12 Higuera St. SLO 54Ó-8327
HAIRCUTS HAIRCUTS HAIRCUTS HAIRCUTS HAIRCUTS
Go With Experience
(O
K
3
Ü
ÇÇ
<
(O
H
Ü
ÇÇ
<
I
loeD/Co.
^ Master Barber & Stylist
Haircut Speciais from $10 544-1717
544 HIGUERA ST.- SAN LUIS OBISPO, CA 93401
HAIRCUTS Free Parking	HAIRCUTS
I
>
j)
o
CO
I
>
DO
O
CO
Our 3- and 4- Private Bedroom Apartments...
...are now renting for the 1987-’88 Contract Year. Priorities given to those groups of 3 or 4 who apply together. Submit your applications today so we can accomodate your first choice! Limited single openings also available
mA/^	C■ nexclusive Student Residence
200 N. Santa R<»a St.
San Luis Obispo, CA APARTMENTS 544-7007
Lose 141bs.| In 4 Weeks
V9l61)6Í9
2 STORY TOWN HOUSES
(805) 543-1450
No more textbooks, no more exams. Everything is gone except the excess weight you gained in school.
Wouldn’t it be great to get rid of that too?
It’s 4 weeks until Summer Break. Lose those 15 lbs. you’ve gained before you go home.
Onter
1504 Marsh at Calif. Blvd. 541-DIET
Moa.-Fri. 8:30-Naoii Sat. 7:SO10AM
AEROBICS
★	Private Room
★	Free Daily Classes
FITNESS
CENTER
★ Private
A Universal Weights A Exercise Bikes A Rowing Machines
SWIMMING
POOL
SPORTS ACTIVITIES
555'ROMONA DRIVE SLO, CA 93401
A Multi-purpose Court
•	Tennis
*	Basketball
4 Tuesday, May 19.1987 Mustang Daily
All the president’s missions
Secretary helps him keep track of schedule
President Baker’s secretary Grace Arvidson.
DARRELL MIHOfMustang Dally
By Paul J. Roberts
staff Writer
Most students will never meet Cal Poly President Warren Baker because his time on campus is cut in half by his off-campus traveling.
Baker spends an average of 50 percent of his time off campus, according to his secretary, Grace Arvidson. This makes it necessary to divide his time on campus very carefully between the administration, faculty, students and community.
“He is very involved and would like to be more involved with a lot of other (student) groups than he can,” Arvidson said. “But he is always accessible for the things he needs to be involved with.”
Frequently students will approach Arvidson with personal academic problems, asking to see Baker before using other proper channels and Arvidson will have to redirect them. “1 will refer them to someone in the academic area: their adviser, a department head, school dean, or even the vice president of Academic Affairs.”
Because of his many responsibilities, Baker does not have time to meet with every student and hear their personal problems, although he will make time for students who have absolutely exhausted other channels.
“1 will help students who can’t be helped by anyone else and 1 always look for informal opportunities to meet with students. That’s when I learn the most,” Baker said. “What 1 do is try to accept as many invitations to student events as 1 can. I will also meet with any faculty member who wants to see me.”
“He does have an open-door policy,” Arvidson said. “If a student comes in to see him and he isn’t busy, he will invite them in.” A few years ago Baker tried maintaining a weekly walk-in hour, “but it really didn’t work out, because students and faculty with problems came in trying to get the president to solve them. But he’s not involved with the day-to-day operations and doesn’t have time to solve problems that can be helped elsewhere.”
Arvidson and Baker go over his calendar regularly to prioritize it, determining who he
can see and what events he can attend.
“He likes to meet with students. He enjoys them and has good rapport with them. He especially likes to meet with groups when they invite him.” Baker receives many invitations from groups and tries to alternate those he accepts each year so that he can meet with as many different groups as possible. He also meets with ASI, the Poly Royal Board and the Academic Senate on a regular basis, but even those meetings are subject to his busy traveling schedule.
Baker travels every month to meetings with the California State University Board of Trustees, the CSU Presidents’ Executive Council, and the National Science Council, to which he was appointed by President Reagan. Before his appointment to the NSC, he held an appointed position on the Board for International Food and Agriculture Development. By policy, he can only maintain one presidential appointment at a time.
In addition to these regular meetings. Baker travels to meet with many other organizations. This month he is going to Dallas
See BAKER, back page
WiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimmiiiiiiiiBmiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiHiiiHimiiiHHHiiiiiiiiiiHitt
. Men’s and Women’s Haircutting	I
SPRINGTIME SPECIAL	|
MEN $12 WOMEN $15	I
Gayle and Rosey provide precision haircuts and | perms to meet your specific needs.	|
Open Mon-Sat., Evenings by Appoint.	|
COTTONWOOD
HAIRCUTTING
385 HICUERA(parking in rear)
Please call Rosey or Gayle at 544-1174
;tiiiiiiinnHiiiiiHiiiiiiiiniiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimimmiinnniiiiHinHiHiiiiiiiiiiiniiiii
§
B
B
This is no time to worry about how you’re going to get your stuff hcMne
ThegixKl news is there is life after hnals. And viv can make it a little easier
At R\\ler we can rent yi w an>' sin: van t ir truck \t»u needVansthatareftintodrivc. (Fun ..whats (hat?) Manv’ are automatics. Most have power sieerinn, air amditkining and an AM/FM radio NMr can also hek> with hones, hand trucks, even
tips on kidding a truck. Which aiuki help take a load off uxir mirai.
Whatever's left of it
NEXT YEAR...
Enjoy Quiet and Privacy
at
iàs Cà$tlà$
Deluxe one bedroom townhomes 3 blocks from campus
LEASING NOW FOR FALL QUARTER CALL 543-2032 for more information
OFFICE AT: 1377 STAFFORD ST #2, SLO, CA
Tuesday, May 19.1987 6

Pole vaulters highlight 11 Mustang national qualifiers
By Dan Ruthemeyer
Sports Editor
For the better part of the past three months the men’s track team has done all it can to qualify competitors for the national championships. And now, the day before the championships begin at Cape Girardeau, Mo., 11 athletes have qualified.
The first to qualify in 1987 was freshman Steve Toney, who pole vaulted 16-1 in the first meet of the season at San Diego State. And, somewhat appropriately, it was pole vaulter Hans Florine who was the final qualifier at what is termed the Last Chance Meet at Cal State Los Angeles this past Sunday.
Florine’s qualification is appropriate in that it brings the number of pole vaulters who will compete in Cape Girardeau to four, which is not surprising considering the Mustangs have been deep in pole vaulting all season.
While Cal Poly has qualified 11 athletes, two — Dave Johnson and Brent Griffiths — have broken the NCAA Division 11 standards in two events.
Although they have each qualified for two races, Johnson and Griffiths will more than likely compete in only one, due to the number of races that must be held in each event.
Johnson, a senior hurdler, has qualified in both the highs and intermediates, although he is ex-
pected to run only the intermediates.
Cal Poly coach Tom Henderson said the only way Johnson will run the high hurdle race is if he doesn’t have to go through preliminary heats before reaching the championships on Saturday.
“Our initial intent was not to run him (Johnson) in the highs,’’ said Henderson. “The whole emphasis this year has been on the intermediates with the intention of having him win it.’’
As it stands, 10 runners nationwide have qualified for the 110-meter hurdle race, which makes it possible that preliminary heats will still have to be run.
Going into the meet, Johnson has the second fastest time nationwide in the intermediates and the eighth fastest in the highs. At the conference championships a week ago Johnson won both events.
Griffiths, meanwhile, has qualified in both the 1,500 and
5,000-meter races, but will more than likely run only the longer of the two.
He has the second-fastest time in Division 11 at 5,000 meters and if he ran in both events, the two final races would be only one hour and 50 minutes apart.
Among the pole vaulters who qualified — Toney, Florine, Kevin Rankin and Steve Horvath — Horvath is the top ranked of the four.
r
TACO 'BELL.
RESTAURANT POSITIONS AVAILABLE
LOOKING FOR ENTHUSIASTIC STUDENTS. Full and part-time shifts available.
$4.00 to $4.50 per hour to start,
depending on experience Flexible hours to fit your schedule.
Apply In person: 297 Santa Rosa St., SLO
The sophomore vaulter cleared a height of \1-5Va two weeks ago at the Nick Carter Invitational in Santa Barbara and is ranked third in the nation in his event and is second on the all-time Cal Poly list.
Rankin, meanwhile, qualified for nationals early in the season and has spent the past several weeks recovering from a hip injury he suffered at the West Coast Relays in Fresno the first week of April.
“He’s fine and he’s been jumping very well,” said Henderson. “At the conference meet the pressure was on and everything that could have gone wrong did.”
At the conference meet in Nor-thridge, Rankin had a pole break and didn’t finish among the top six Cal Poly finishers.
Despite the Mustangs’ great depth in pole vaulting, they will have to come up with some strong performances if they are to knock off the nation’s top two competitors, who both vault for top-ranked Abilene Christian.
The Texas university has a tradition of turning out strong pole vaulters and has claimed the national champion in the event every year since 1982 when it joined DivisionTl.
Among the other Cal Poly qualifiers are sprinter Erik Josephson, who is ranked fourth in the 200-meter event, Jeff Al-quist, who is ranked fourth in the
3,000-meter steeplechase and
Men’s national qualifiers
Dave Johnson
n 400-meter hurdles n 110-meter hurdles
Brent Griffiths
□	1,500 meters
□	5,000 meters
Erik Josephson
□	200 meters
Mike Livingston
n 10,000 meters
Jeff Alquist
n 3.000-meter steeplechase
Steve Horvath
□	Pole vault
Steve Toney
□	Pole vault
Kevin Rankin
□	Pole vault
Hans Florine
□	Pole vault
Brant Warren
□	Javelin
Anthony Mudy
□	High jump
Mike Livingston, who has the fourth fastest time at 10,000 meters.
Josephson, who has steadily improved his times throughout the season, has a definite shot at picking up a national title, said Henderson.
“The sprints are very volatile so it’s a good shot for him there,” he said.
But, realizing the instability of the sprints, Josephson said, “When you get there it’s just another race.”
With the exception of the four pole vaulters, the Mustangs have qualified two other field competitors.
Brant Warren will compete in the javelin with the second-best Division II mark this season.
while Anthony Mudy will compete in the high jump after qualifying Sunday at Los Angeles.
Mudy jumped 6-1 IVi in Los Angeles despite spending the early part of the season out of competition with an injury.
“That was a lot of time off and he’s a little behind,’’ said Henderson. “His height is OK, but his timing has been a little off.”
The Mustangs placed 11th in the national meet last year with seven competitors, and with the increase in number of athletes and higher marks, Henderson is expecting even more this year.
“If everyone scores like they’re capable we have the potential to finish in the top five and maybe in the top three.”
a
The only full-service complex in town. One price pays it all. Check it out...
—All utilities paid (major)
—Great Food Service —Activities —Pool/Saunas —Maid Service —Concerned Management —Free unlimited Parking —Close to School
1050 Foothill Blvd., SLO 544-4540
Tuesday, May 19, 1987 Mustang Daily
NOTABLES
□	The University Union Galerie has received a $600 donation from artist Eugene Carson. The Russian-born artists, whose works were recently on display at the university, donated two checks — one directly to the Galerie and one earmarked for the Galerie through the Cal Poly Center for the Arts.
□	Steve Likins of Associated General Contractors, the construction management club, placed fifth in a speech contest in the annual Mid-Pac Conference
(gam
hosted by Sacramento State at Lake Natoma,
The club’s balsa wood bridge held 1,175 pounds to place third in the bridge contest. The men’s team of Chris Souder, Kevin Horst, Lee Sehon and Mike Hicks had the fastest time in the
1,000-meter canoe race which qualified the team for the finals against UC Berkeley and Chico State. The canoe was made of glass fiber-reinforced concrete. But just after the start of the final race, Sehon’s paddle broke and there were no spares in the canoe. Hicks said plans are being made to get new paddles for next year’s race.
□ Keith Kaste and Constantine Karnazes each won $500 in a student research competition
,	/ s
■Ét ^	' V '
4isi(g
At
OLD’S
Gym
541-1951
Call for other specials
V
sponsored by the California State University. The contest drew 118 entries from all 19 CSU campuses. Cal Poly was the only campus with more than one winner.
Kaste, a graduating senior in engineering, won for his design of a cooling system for the NASA-Ames Moffett Field Mach 14 wind tunnel nozzle. Kaste was sponsored by Ron Mullisen of Cal Poly’s mechanical engineering faculty.
Karnazes, a senior in food science and nutrition, won for a computer program he wrote to compute and grade the nutritional content of breakfast cereals. His faculty sponsor was Kris Morey of the food science and nutrition department.
Contributions for Notables must be received by noon Friday.
9 month
STUDENT
SPECIAL
Play how pay later
$75.00 down $25.00 per month
Memberships and payments can start in September.
9 Month Special
$149.00 Payed in full (Freeze over summer)
Aerobics
Advanced,
Low impact & abdominai classes offered
42 classes per week
personalized programs available ^
expires June 15,1987
ElGonoJ^t^BookstDie
summer promotion
May 11 -22 . prepare yourself for the upcoming hot days!
DRIVE-IN
From page 1
That’s why there are numbers on every ticket, so we can account for everyone who comes in.”
Rodkey said his father first opened the Sunset Drive-In in 1950. He remembers it was raining heavily outside the night it opened, and they had it filled, with a line all the way from the box office to Higuera Street.
‘‘There used to be a time when owning a drive-in was fun, but not anymore” Rodkey said. ‘‘If it wasn’t for the swap meet here on Sunday, I probably wouldn’t be in business. People just don’t come out to the drive-in like they used to.”
Rodkey said he has been associated with movies since he
was 8 years old. ‘‘My parents owned the Fair Oaks Theater in Arroyo Grande for many years. I got to see a lot of the projection.”
Rodkey was the first manager to open Festival Cinemas, and currently helps manage Mission Cinemas.
‘‘I’ve been associated with just about every movie theater in this area,” he said. ‘‘If there is anything 1 don’t know I’d be surprised,” he joked.
Despite the decline of the drive-in, Rodkey said he hopes to keep his doors open. ‘‘I’d hate to see the day when the drive-in doesn’t exist. It will be a sad day when the drive-in is no longer a part of American life.”

MIICTIVI
aniiiiKi
IMKMKM
kinko*!'
543-0771
€lisiiii|iagiie
lliiiiiei*
Celebrate those last weeks at school with your friends
All the champagne you can handle with any dinner.
Tueday Nights 5:30- 9:OOpm
must be 21 years or older
Wine Street Inn
In the celler of The Network
543-4488
ThisWeek!
CAL POLY SAN LUIS OBISPO ASI FILMS COMMITTEE
IN ASSOCUTION WITH
€ 1986
Date: May 20, 1987 Time: 7:00 p.m. & 9:00 p.m.
Place: Chumash Auditorium
General Motors..7sharing your future”
Quality Living For Students
Studios, One Bedroom or 2 Bedroom
Completely Furnished or Unfurnished Large Private Patios and Balconies Reserved Private Parking Free Cable TV
Within Easy Walking Distance to Cal Poly
^AL«MAR
APARTMENTS
For best choice reserve now for Fall Very reasonable Summer rates • Unique storage option plan available
1230 Murray St., SLO (805)543-5224 or 543-9119
ae .»p ■ I
Mustang Daily Tuesday, May 19.1987 7
Poll shows California wants less smoking
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Despite some of the toughest anti-smoking laws in the nation, residents want even stronger restrictions on smokers, according to a California Poll published Monday.
The poll found that most nonsmoking state residents are bothered when someone lights up. Whether they smoke or not, half of the people polled who live in California want smoking prohibited in airplanes.

Large majorities favored restrictions on smoking in workplaces, hotels, restaurants and government buildings.
“All of this is consistent with what we have said for years,” said Mark Pertschuk, executive director of the Berkeley-based Americans for Non-Smokers Rights.
“The vast majority of people in California and the U.S. support limiting or completely eliminating smoking in places
where people come together in enclosed places,” Pertschuk said.
However, a different view was taken by Walker Merryman, vice president of the Washington-based Tobacco Institute, a major advocate of smokers’ rights.
“I have to wonder if there is real sentiment for any further government intrusion or if smokers and nonsmokers are simply expressing their preferences without endorsing any further government action” to pro-
hibit smoking, Merryman said.
One of the first and toughest anti-smoking ordinances in California was passed in San Francisco in 1983.
The poll, which was conducted April 3 through April 10 and has a projected error margin of 3.3 percent, found that 70 percent of those polled favored the designation of special smoking areas at work. Another 22 percent said smoking should be prohibited in the work place.
AMERICAN MARKETING ASSOCIATION
Speaker: Freeman Gosden, President Smith, Hemmings & Gosden Co. The iargest direct marketing firm 5/19 Arch. Bidg Rm 225 AMA Luau 5/30
CAL POLY TEACHERS' SOCIETY
Come one come all get involved! club officer nominations tonight & Info on end of the year banquet 6-7pm BA&E Rm208
CREW BANQUET
All rowers,ex-rowers, & friends May 22 6pm-2am Contact Judy 544-9292
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT ASSN
SPEAKER STEPHEN NUKES TUES 11AM BA&E 206
Rec Admin majors. Last RAM Club Meeting May 21,11:00 Rm E-47
SHPE
Meeting: Thursday 6:00pm MEP Last update on THE BANQUET!!!
SOCIETY OF WOMEN ENGINEERS SPEAKER:SHARON SALIGMAN FROM HP. *‘3 MISTAKES ENG. SHOULDN'T MAKE“ TONIGHT,GRC-304.6pm
SOCIETY OF WOMEN ENGINEERS
SPEAKER FROM HP:NOMIATIONS FOR NEXT YEARS OFFICERS,Refreshments and more. Tuesday, GRC-304.6pm
SOCIETY OF AUTOMOTIVE ENINEERS
MEETING TUES MAY 19 AT 7:00 SPEAKER: DR. OZAWA - ELECTIONS ANYONE IS WELCOME ROOM 13-110
PRESENTED BY GM & ASI FILMS BLACK MOON RISING WED AT 7 & 9
AUTOGRAPH SIGNING MAY 6TH-3 TO 4PM - EL CORRAL YOUR INVITED TO MEET OCTAVIA BUTLER
ACCLAIMED SCI FI NOVELEST-HUGO & NEBULA AWARD WINNER-WITH HER NEW NOVEL “DAWN“ PUB BY WARNER BOOKS-AVAILABLE FOR SIGNING & PURCHASE AT A SPECIAL 20% OFF REGULAR PRICE-SEE YOU THERE
CAL POLY DANCE TEAM AUDITIONS
INFO MEETING 5-26 5PM CHUMASH
DRY RUN SUN MAY 24 RUN DRY
REGISTER 10-2 UU PLAZA TODAY AWARDS T-SHIRTS MUGS PRIZES
OUTDOOR EQUIPMENT AUCTION Come to the Excape Route and bid May 18-May 22 until 3:00pm Highest bidder will be contacted by the following Tuesday. Sponsored by ASI OUTINGS UU Rm112
Tau Beta Pi
Fun, excitement, opportunity & special presentation 5/19/87 6pm Scl BIgu. North Rm202
TESTING FOR AIDS VIRUS ANTIBODIES
is available at the Health Center for Cal Poly students at a cost of $9. Testing is also available at he SLO Co. Health Dept, free of charge
VIDEO CONCERT-TUESDAY MAY 19 7-9PM UU BISHOPS LOUNGE STEVE TAYLOR & MICHAEL W SMITH
FIND YOUR FUTURE ONE VISIT WITH PSYCHIC CONSULTANT SHERRY AND YOU CAN FIND A WHOLE NEW OUTLOOK ON LIFE. SPECIAL PSYCHIC READING $10 543-0963
KIRK MANSFIELD HAPPY 20TH BIRTHDAY! LOVE, TRACI
Lay back this summer in a beach chair from Brazil, sandals by COOL FEET or SENSI. Cruze in a JIMMY-Z bikini and after beach outfit. The SEA BARN AVILA BEACH.We’re cookin.
MY DEAR CHRIS SICHEL WITH EYES OF BLUE I AM SO HAPPY TO BE TOGETHER AND I LOVEYOU!
VIDEO GAME TOURNAMENT
May 18-22 in UU Games Area. High score on “Defender" wins 4 free video rentals. Sign up at Rec Sports Office, UU118. 546-1366.
CASH REWARD!
For return of Olympus Infinity 35mm Camera Stolen 5/2 on Tigers Folly at Sigma Safari Bash. Call 544-7724 PLEASE-I'M BUMMIN!
HEY POLLY,
Have an awesome week! Hang in there—cause we’re COLORADO BOUND!
Love Ya, Your Big Sis
Is my Sigma Chi III sis DANA WILSON the best lei sis in the world? YESI I! Congratulations on yours initiation Dana! ! LOVE, YOUR BIG BRO
Kirk Mansfield
Man of the 80’s! Happy 20th!
Rage forme!!
XXOO Alicia
LAMBDA CHI ALPHA
CONGRATULATES BROTHERS STEVE BLAIR AND TYLER HAMMOND ON THEIR ASI EXECUTIVE STAFF POSITIONS-ZSCHAU!!!
Lance Brown,
London has everything, except what I want the most-you Love Ruth
ORDER OF OMEGA: Tue 5/19,7PM, Bldg 14-257.lmportant-so be there!
Attention fun-atics of all kinds: POLYGON V
the Central Coast’s only fantasy and wargaming convention will be held on campus, June 19-21. Call Rob for details at 544-8646.
LOST SOCCER BALL CLUB UMBRO
Sentimental valve call 544-5217
LOST: TWO BOOBS CALL KRISTINE
REWARD • For the return of Huffy woman’s bike. BIk w/ gold rims stolen 5/9. Call 544-2638
GRAD TICKETS--$10- CASH EACH free home pickup call JOHN 549-9119
Graduation Ticket Needed-One Will Pay $ Laura 546-8970
HELP!! I need 6 Grad tickets will pay cash$$$ CALL CARI 546-9047eve
HELP!!!!!	~
My entire family is coming from France to watch me graduate! I need 6 tickets! CALL ME 541-8366
I NEED GRAD TICKETS! AND I’M WILLING TO PAY! IF YOU CAN HELP, PLEASE CALL 541-1772!
NEED 2 GRADUATION TICKETS! $$$
Call ken 543-3525
TICKETS
My wife. My parents and my eleven children want to see me graduate. Get rich. Call Sherwin 546-8392
FREE PREGNANCY TEST, COUNSELING, REFERRALS, HELP. ALPHA 541-3367
A-1 Professional Word Processing by SUPERSEC. Campus P/U. Call Madolyn at 466-1484 eves.
EXPERIENCED CAL POLY CLOSE TO CAMPUS 543-0550
TYPIST
FAST SERVICE-EXPERIENCED TYPIST SENIOR PROJECTS $1.50 PAGE 541-0168,543-4000 MESS. CHRIS
FOR ALL YOUR TYPING NEEDS, CALL BONNIE 543-0520 EVES.
For typing you can trust, call susie at 528-7805. Jhanks!
DUALITY WORD PROCESSING Fast/Cheap Revisions Spell Check Computer Education Svcs. 528-5049
R&R WORD PROCESSING AND TYPING (Rona), laser printer w/ lOOplus fonts, student rates, 9am-6pm, M-Sat, 544-2591
Resumes, paper projects, wordprocessing done in South Cty. Consha’s office Supply. PIsmo Beach 773-5851 or 489-3724 eve.
Wordprocessing. Campus & 5-cities p.u. $1.50/pg. 481-1011 after 5
ALAMO SELF-STORAGE SPRING SALE $10.00 off 1st mths rent any size unit. Call Tony or Mellie at 541-1433 or drop by 645 Tank Farm Rd.
Building, Landscape maintenance help needed full or part time. Apply at One Mustang Dr. SLO or Call 543-4950
CLERICAL ASST - Food Service Student wanted 10-20 hours/week -flexible schedule. Typing & ten key skills required. Word processing preferred. Starting %au $3.95/hour. Call Mike Voth at 546-1175.
DAY CAMP STAFF: Counselors, Swim and riding staff needed in E. Bay Area Call or write ROUGHING IT BOX 1266 Orinda Ca 94563 (415)283-3795
IN 10TO12HRS/WKYOUCAN EARN FROM YOUR HOME $400-$1200 ...INTERESTED? GAYLE 438-3932
Interested in a paid summer internship in SLO? The SLO California Conservation Corps will be interviewing at the placement center on May 2 for Graphic Artist, Counselor, Recreation and Project Assistant Interns. Contact the placement center now!
JOBS AVAILABLE
FOR 1987-88 ACADEMIC YEAR Promotions & Graphics Coordinator Intramural Sports Coordinator $4.70-$5.20 per hour. 20hrs/week Apply at Rec Sports Office, UU118
Lifeguard/CIty of Morro Bay has 3 lifeguard positions for 1987 Summer Season pick up Application/City of M.B. Personal 505 Harbor St. M.B. 772-1214 Closing date 5-15-87.
LOOKiNG FOFtHE PER^CT SMR JOB PART-TIME SALES & KITE FLYING.IN SAN SIMEON MUST LIKE PEOPLE AND PERFORMING SALARY&PVT RM&BTH IN NEW HSE IN CAYUCOS.CId be YR Rnd for Rt person CALL 927-5483 days
SUMMER JOBS:
Fine High Sierra Family Camp seeks live in counselors (19-up) to TEACH:Ridlng (3 positions). Folk Guitar, Archery, Riflery, Canoeing, Crafts, Pre-School, Waterskiing, ALSO NEED: Horse Care/Groom, Dishwashers, & Reaort Workers. 800-227-9900
2 FEMALES to share living quarters & work at resort for summer near San Simeon Wages plus housing Call 9274502 Ragged Point Inn
WINDSURFER, 12Ft. Stock board, complete, $300. Kathy 541-0394
PUCH Moped 1978 MaxiSport Fun/Cheap summer transportation Runs great $275obo Glenn 541-1896
’83 GPZ550 GOOD CONDITION-HEADER, TANK BAG, METZLERS,
PRKNG PMT. $1350 B.O. 544-4051
lOsp BIKE $50 3sp BIKE $25 CALL Steve 546-2525
Datsun B210 76 RUNS 6000 $375 544-6872 EVES.
1980 VW RABBIT DIESEL $2100 4Dr,AC,Cruise,New Cyl. head 76,000mi Call 541-4174
76 BMW 2002 Sunroof, a.c., sheepskins automatic, Blaupunkt 2,8(X} 466-4827
FM TO SHARE ROOM SUM QTR-CABLE W/D POOL-CLOSE TO POLY $160/no CALL HEIDE 543-3981 OR 541-3842
M/F OWN ROOM OR 2M/2F TO SHARE Large room in clean apt near poly 260/1 or 360/2 w/xtras 541-6210
Need F to share rm in large, furn 2 bdrm townhouse. Close to Poly 240/mo year lease Lisa 546-4292
Need 2 Female Roommates to share duplex near school call 546-8036
NEEDED 1 F RMMATE TO SHARE RM IN NEW PINE CREEK CONDOS 232/MO & UTIL NONSMOKERS 546-4741
OWN ROOM for summer. Condo close to Poly & dwntn. BBQ, W/D, micro. F, non-smoker ONLY! $210/mo & 1/2 utilities Kim 544-5136
SUMMER SUBLET/M-Close to Polyfull cable. Large apt., furnished $110/mo call 541-5958
2 FM RMMTS NEEDED, FALL 87TO SHR MSTR BDRM IN CONDO W/1 OTHER.W/D 150/MO&UTIL 543-0470
2 M/F TO SHARE ,STR BRPP, IN LG CONDO NEAR POLY: WASH/DRYER MICRO,FPLACt, GARAGE, PLUS MORE 200/MO & 1/4 UTLS SUMMER OPTIONAL 544-9265 ASK FOR BRIAN
APTS for lease 6-16-87 to 8-15-88. 2 bdrm. ♦urn for 4. near POLY. $580/mo for year lease;$650/mo for 10 mo.lease. 543-8517 or 544-5385
BE PREPARED! Sign a 87-88 school year lease. Furn 2 bdrm condo In Lag Lk area. 575/mo STEVE 549-8123
Large 3 Bedroom 2 1/2 bath apt.-Yard- 415 N. Chorro-$900/mo -Mike 541-5476
Room/Bath/Utilitles/Cable TV & right next to Poly campus! All for $90/mo. Act quick! 549-9445
Summer Qtr. Subise Apart 2bed 2ba patio on Kentucky $neg 546-4244
SUMMER SUBLEASE-2 Rooms Avail.
Beginning 6/1
$2M/month
CALL-544-6234 or 543-5438
TWO BEDROOM APTS. FURNISHED OR UNFURNISHED 9 OR 12 MO. LEASE REDUCED RATES DURING SUMMER CALL 543-1450 544-2176 LVE MESS.
3Bdrm Sum Sublet House share room or own. Furnished, W & D Dave 541-8314
5 Bedrm hse $1325 Laguna mint condition Fmis 546-2319 or 541-3432.
CHRISTIAN M.to shr.furn.apt,sunhr. las 2 Poly.$135/mo.MARK544-7951
CUTE HOUSE! 2 RMMTS/F CLOSE TO POLY FURNISHED, W/D CALL 546-9445
FEM-FALL 87 OWN RM 3BD APT LAG LK-POOL&JACUZ$265MO INCL UTIL CALL 546-3312 OR 546-3976
FEM NEEDEDTOSHARE ROOM.HOUSE On Chorro.200&deposit.Washer,yard Avail 6/15 Call Paula 544-6033eves
FEM-Own room In house. FUN,furnished & great LOCATION! 275$.P/Mo. UTIL-PAID.CALL Steph-541-0152! 11
M NEEDED IN HOUSE CLOSE TO POLY. OWN RM 150/MO. 544-3868
MARGOT,
THE AOPII FORMAL IS GOING TO BE GREAT. DO YOU THINK WE CAN HANDLE THE EXCITEMENT?
__________THE STUPID M.E.__________
SENIOR female wanted for Ig private rm ^ in SLO condo $216/mo & utilities avail 6-1 549-0921
SUMMER SUB-MALE-OWN ROOM IN CONDO w/YARD 180/mo 541-1510
1 Girl for summer sublet. Share w/ 2 girls in 2 bedrm, 1 1/2 bath condo. Deck sauna micro DW wash Ig Ivrm furn 2-car garage $150/mo Call 544-3877
2 GIRLS
To share beautiful condo w/ one other. 2 car garage, Ig Ivrm, 1 1/2 bath, 2 bedrm, deck, sauna, micro, DW, washer, frpl. semi-furn. Start Sept. Call 544-3877
2 MALES NEEDED TO SHARE MASTER BEDROOM OF LARGE NICE HOUSE $180 A MONTH CALL 549-8448
6 ROOMMATES SUMMER-SPRING ‘88 3 SHARED RMS HUGE HOUSE & YARD 5 > MIN 2 POLY JON & PAT 544-4735
A Free list of homes/condos 4sale.On campus. Call Kent, County Prop.544-5777
BUYING A HOUSE?
For a free list of all the affordable houses and condos fo sale In SLO, Call Steve Nelson,Farrell Smyth Inc., 543-8370. Leave a message.
Condos & Homes information packet available on campus Call Marguerite C21 546-2319 or 541-3432
Modern comfortable trailer, quiet downtown park 5 min to Poly. 1 BR LR/ DR W/ conv couch full bath, kit air cond FAheat o/s storage.gardn 546 Higuera ’33 SLO Call 546-8392
8 Tuesday, May 19,1987 Mustang Daily




TAXI
CALENDAR
Tuesday 19
•The Cal Poly art and design department is sponsoring a presentation of assemblage sculpture by Mary Ann Bonjorni today through June 9. The artist will discuss her work tonight at 7 in the Architecture and En-^ vironmental Design Building, where a $2 donation will be requested. An opening reception will follow at 8:30 in the Dexter Building Art Gallery.
•Students from UC Santa Cruz will present their views on East Los Angeles Chicano Murals with a slide show and script presentation ’today at 11 in Room 217D of the University Union. The Multi-Cultural Center is sponsoring the presentation for its spring workshop series.
Wednesday 20
•The Jewish Cultural Exchange is sponsoring guest speaker Sharon Herman Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Room 216 of the University Union. Herman will discuss “Americans in Israel:	Struggle, Challenge,
Fulfillment.’’
Submissions for Calendar must be received by noon two days j prior to the event.
From page 1
dorse that type of thing heavily. If it saves one guy’s life, it’s worth it.’’
Though Lambert endorses Tipsy Taxi, he said, “1 unfortunately think the whole program is a preventative maintenance type program.’’ He said students tend not to use preventative maintenance until it is too late and then wish they had it.
Lambert said he hopes the Tipsy Taxi coupon books will be kept at fraternity and sorority houses to be used when necessary. He said that even though sororities don’t have parties at their houses, they should purchase coupon books to take to parties.
One fraternity involved with Tipsy Taxi is Phi Delta Theta. President Steve Hall said besides buying coupon books, the fraternity will work to raise $500 for
the program in 1987-1988.
Hall strongly urges other fraternities to support the Tipsy Taxi program to prove themselves responsible hosts.
Burris would like to get additional funding from local bars. Some of the bars do not even buy the coupon books, he said.
“We’re trying to work with them,’’ Burris said.
Osos Street Subs and Tortilla Flats have bought coupon books. So has McLintock’s Saloon, whose owner John Bushnell is president of the Business Improvement Association. Champions and Rose and Crown pub have tbeir own taxi programs.
Bob Speicher, owner of Spike’s Place, said he would rather regulate from within. “We police ourselves pretty well,’’ he said. “We don’t have (people driving home drunk) here that much.’’ He said people usually go to
places other than Spike’s to get drunk.
“The basics of the (Tipsy Taxi) program are OK, but it seems like a Band-Aid type of thing,’’ Speicher said.
The recently reopened Graduate would like to get involved in the Tipsy Taxi program, said general manager Charles DeGroot. Currently, the Graduate will get a taxi for someone who refuses to pay for a cab but is too drunk to drive.
Bull’s Tavern doesn’t pay for the cab, but they will take a drunk customer’s car keys away and call a cab for him, said bartender Joe Eifter.
In addition to contacting Greeks and local bars for sup-
BAKER
From page 4
for the first meeting of the Cal Poly Alumni Chapter there and to meet with local corporate leaders. He is also going to Washington, D.C. for a conference for the American Society of Civil Engineers Policy Committee on Engineering Research. He will also meet with Cal Poly architecture students currently studying in Washington.
Baker said he met his universi-.y president once at Notre Dame.
but with his busy schedule. Cal Poly students will be lucky to run into Baker. Students who really want to meet him may try to make a short appointment near their graduation time when Baker has been known to meet with students.
Despite his busy schedule, Ar-vidson said Baker is always available if he is really needed. “There is never a time when 1 don’t know where he is by a phone call.’’
RIBS RIBS
and more RIBS
All you can eat beef rib dinner with soup or salad, ranch beans and San Luis Sourdough for only
S6.95
Wednesday Nights 5:30- 9:00pm
Wine Street Inn
In the ccllcr of The Network
543-4488
port. Tipsy Taxi gave a presentation to the Chamber of Commerce last week.
Bill Morem at the Chamber of Commerce said, “Our chamber board unanimously supported it as a concept.’’ However, it is not the rule of the chamber to lend financial support, he said.
Burris will also look for support from the City Council, Mothers Against Drunk Driving and the California Highway Patrol.
LOST AND FOUND SURPLUS PROPERTY SALE!
A sale of unclaimed lost and found articles and Cal Poly’s surplus property will be held University Warehouse, building 70, with the following schedule: TUBS May 19, 8:30 am to 3 pm - Preview sale bids accepted (one day only).
THURSDAY May 21, Sam to 2 pm ” Highest bidders pick up items.
FRIDAY May 22, Bam to 11am ONLY - Next highest bidders pick up items.
NOON FRIDAY - Open auction for all unclaimed items.
All sales final. No refunds Items suo-ject to a 6% sales tax. Sales open to the public. The University reserves the right to refuse any and all bids. Items sold "as is".
711:



u I s
o b I s p/
California
Private, furnished studios in a quiet, scenic creekside setting...from just $340/mo ($312)*
ALL WITH NEW MICROWAVE OVENS & NEW COUCHES FOR FALL ‘87
*The ciosest housing to campus *5 modern iaundry facilities ‘Reserved parking
‘Private park &. BBQ are unique to Mustang Village ‘Group meeting/study room ‘Convenience market on site for Fall '87
* 12 month discounted lease rate




Mon-Sat 8-6 Sun 10-5
One Mustang Drive
IMlfflANG VlLL/y§E
543-4950