CALIFORNIA POLYTECHNIC
UNIVERSITY SAN LUIS OBISPO
VOLUME 56, No. 46 ★ Friday, December 6, 1991
Christmas spirit grows at Poly
NRM students, logging team run tree farm
Holly Vuiulerlann
Staff Writer
‘Tis the Christmas season, and nothinfi tops the holiday more than the scent of a fresh-cut Christmas tree.
For the third year in a row, students can do their Christmas tree shopping on campus.
The natural resource management department’s enterprise project has about 550 Monterey pine trees and some pre-cut red fir trees to ch(X)se from.
The tree faiTn was planted in 1984 and opened for business four years lattm with a stock of 220 trees.
Last year, tree sales topped the 300 mark, and this year the department is hoping for more, said Mike DeLasaux, a NRM instructional technician.
DeLasaux said enterprise projects are available through the Sch(X)l of Agi'iculture. The program, which is open to anyone, enables students to develop projects and experiments.
He said the students must provide a proposal that outlines the project and its expenses and shows a complete budget statement. If it is approved, the Cal Poly Foundation supplies the start-up money.
DeLasaux said the tree farm is a unique enterprise project because it’s managed by the Cal Poly Logging Sports Team. It is one of the few projects that
i '

K
•'ll m-
à

I

f‘%-
''-i	'
** *
''X
^
li
ñ
^■4

*0


RAY SANCHEZ/Mustang Daily
Environmental engineering senior Dave Schinski checks out a Poly-growth Christmas tree. The NRM department and logging team plan to sell more than 550 fresh-cut trees this holiday season.
a club team manages.
He said the projects are usually developed and run by a few students who split the profits.
Craig Linguist, a natural resource management senior and member of the logging club team, said the club needs about 812,000 to host the American Western Forestry Conclave in
April.
This is a major logging event which will bring forestry schools such as Humboldt State and Oregon State to Cal Poly to compete in logging competitions.
Last year, Poly placed second in the AWFC in Colorado.
See TREES, page 3
AS I votes to approve IRA election results
By Tracy Condron
Staff Writer	_____
After lengthy discussion Wednesday, the ASI Board of Directors voted to accept the results of the November referendum election and passed the ballot on to President Warren Baker with its recommendations.
The board felt compelled to vote on the issue, even though some of the directors felt rushed, because it was told that Baker was making his decision before Dec. 31, and ASI will not meet again until the second week of January.
“By Dec. 31, President Baker will make a decision on renewing contracts of many coaches,” said Chairman of the Board Dennis Albiani. “President Baker, basically in an IRA election, has the final authority.”
The board debated the issue for two hours before unanimously approving the Nov. 20-21 vote.
Students filled U.U. room 220, where the meeting was held, to voice their concerns about the recent election, particularly in regard to the athletics referendum.
Some of their concerns addressed alleged fraudulent voting, pressures put on by the athletics department and questions as to the objectivity of the IRA task force.
In its recommendations to Baker, the board expressed concern about athletes violating the Interhall Council Solicitation policy by going door to door in the residence halls distributing information and persuading students to vote yes.
The board also addressed a complaint filed that students used telephones in the athletics department to persuade yes
“I don’t see why we’d want to postpone it. Basically, it’s forfeiting our rights to advise (Baker).”
— Todd Fernandes, School of Agriculture
Christmas crime: Lock it, take it — just don’t leave it
votes.
The election results were presented by Dan Nail, director from the School of Agriculture and chairman of the Elections Committee. He said that the committee had investigated all filed complaints.
Nail said the use of telephones and solicitation of residence halls were not brought to his attention in time for him to prevent them, and now those incidents are the responsibility of the university.
Dennis Lang, director from the School of Business, was worried about the election count.
“If anybody put in a fake social security number or a fake name, we have done nothing to check to see if those names are actually students,” he said.
The board included a request that the university check all names and social security numbers to make sure the students were registered.
Some directors felt rushed in their decision on the issue and pleaded for more time. Others pushed to approve the election.
“By postponing (approval of) the election, we are doing a tremendous disservice to the See ASI, page 12
By Amy Reardon
Editorial Staff
Students who are planning on leaving valuables at their ofT-campus San Luis Obispo residences during the quarter break may as well just kiss them goodbye, says a l(K’al police ofTlcer.
Every year when Cal Poly students leave for the holidays, a large number of student residences are burglarized, said Steven Seybold, crime prevention coordinator at the San Luis Obispo Police Department.
“It has become a major problem, especially in student housing,” Seybold said. “When everyone comes back, we get a flood of reports (that students have been burglarized).”
Seybold said 138 thefts were reported by residents of off-campus student housing after last year’s holiday season. He also said that there were probably a large number of students who were burglarized and did not report the crimes.
Cal Poly Public Safety Investigator Mike Kennedy said the situation is different on campus.
“Most of our crime happens while students are still here,” Kennedy said.
He said housing hires security guards that patrol the residence halls every night during the break. “We (Public Safety) also patrol housing.
“It (burglary) is not a big problem during that time.”
See CRIME, page 9
Community debates ordinance
Students react to new landlord noise amendment
By Meredith Rehrman
Staff Writer
San Luis Obispo may soon expand the city’s nuisance abatement ordinance to include noise disturbances. And that might cause landlords of noisy tenants to start reaching for their pocketbooks.
The amendment would allow the city to press criminal charges against landlords of noisy tenants.
Criminal action would be enacted if a residence is called on for “loud or unruly assemblages” more than twice in
a 60-day period.
After more than two contacts, landlords would be notified. They would be cited with an infraction on third, fourth and fifth visits to the residence. A sixth visit could subject the landlord to a $1,000 fine and six months in jail.
Because the majority of renters in the city are students, there is concern about whether the amendment represents further action against them.
But San Luis Obispo Police Chief Jim Gardiner said that the proposed amendment would not specifically target
students.
“This is not a student ordinance,” Gardiner said during a meeting at the police department Thursday. “The amendment relates to problem tenants, whoever they may be.”
An average of 2,100 noise citations are given out each year. Gardiner said that only a small percentage of those violaters would*be affected by the amendment.
“There is a small group that is causing problems for all of us,” Gardiner said. “(The amendment) is essentially to See NOISE, page 9
c
v’l ieach«-'’s..
■ J j e	\'v ntls
,	■■ 11.. • .'5 * 'V
1
1 . r - wL ha a ’
â
it- Í in ïihîd.
. ..!PO ii

'iî t- '
Í ^ ^
\
V V
Saturday weather:
Mostly ‘iunny, breezy
liieh 60s
V	1 uw* SiK
Winds n.w. 15 mph 1 ft. seas 6 it n.vv swells
Friday, December 6. 1991
Mustang Daily
EWorld ^Nation estate
Armed roller wishes Keating faces 10 years all merry Christmas junk bond fraud
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — The masked man pointed a gun at bank workers, collected $21,000 and called out, “Have a mexry Christmas!” Then he rode ofi on a bicycle, Danish newspapers reported Thursday.
Police said they believe the man who robbed Den Danske Bank on Wednesday in Taarbaek, nine miles north of Copenhagen, is the same one who took $12,500 a month ago from a bank in a town just west of Copenhagen.
On that occasion, the robber said to bank employees, “Groodbye, and all my best for the rest of the day.” He, too, rode away on a bicycle.
Japanese cities cost more for expatriates
GENEVA (AP) — The Japanese cities of Tbkyo and Osaka remain the world’s most expensive sites for expatriates; according to a survey published Thursday.
With New York as the base of 100, Tokyo scored 171 and Osaka 157, the survey said. Libreville in the West African state of Gabon and Brazzaville in the Congo followed, at 134 and 133 respectively.
California living was cheaper than the New York base, with a 95 score for Los Angeles and 94 for San FVancisco. In the list of 97 cities, Los Angeles was 54th and San Francisco 57th in living expenses for expatriates. Mexico City was 78th, with a score of 80 compared to New York.
The cost of living in West Europe continued to be higher than in the United States, while most Latin American cities were still relatively cheap, the report said.
Th2 Indian city of Bombay, at 61, was best value for expatriates of the 97 cities surveyed.
See WORLD, page 8
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Charles Keating Jr., the free-spending, politically connected executive whose rise and fall came to epitomize the S&L debacle, faces up to 10 years in prison for defrauding junk bond investors.
Keating sat grim-faced in Superior Court on Wednesday, his 68th birthday, as a jury found him guilty of 17 of 18 counts of duping investors about the safety of junk bonds sold through his now-collapsed Lincoln Savings & Loan.
The bonds became worthless when Lincoln went under in a collapse that cost taxpayers $2.6 billion, the most expensive government bailout in U.S. history.
“It’s the nicest birthday present he could give us — to find the S.O.B. guilty and send him to jail,” exulted Jeri Mellon, leader of a support group for those who bought the bonds. She lost $40,000 in Lincoln’s collapse.
“There is a God!” cried Mimi Hines, who said her junk bond losses cost her a $1.2 million Malibu home. “It would be a gi*eat birthday present for him if he gets 68 years. Why, 99 years wouldn’t be long enough for this man.”
Pan Am shutdown puts employees out of work
MIAMI (AP) — Pan Am passengers scrambled to re-book flights during the heaviest travel time of the season and 7,500 employees found themselves out of work three weeks before Christmas when the once-glorious airline went under.
The airline, which pioneered commercial aviation, abruptly shut down Wednesday after losing its battle to erase years of losses.
Chanda Sharan of Jonesboro, Ga., sat in a baggage area at Miami International Airport with her two young daughters on their interrupted flight from Atlanta to Mexico City.
See NATION, page 10
Indian leaders claim team names racist
BURLINGAME, Calif. (AP) — The use of Indian names and symbols by sports teams is a racist' attack on Native American culture, said Indian leaders attending a national conference.
The leaders are continuing to pressure sports teams such as the Atlanta Braves and Washington Redskins to change their names and stop using Indian symbols.
“If we can’t get white America to understand a basic issue of human respect, how are we going to move on to more substantive issues?” Bill Means, executive director of the Minneapolis-based International Indian TVeaty Council, asked Wednesday.
“We are the only race that are used as mascots.”
The Atlanta Braves’ tomahawk chop and the use of Indian names and symbols by other teams is offensive, said leaders attending a workshop of the annual convention of the National Congi’ess of American Indians.
“Our religion and tradition need to be recognized, and the negative imagery of mascots and the commercial use of Indian names create a basis of misunderstanding of our people, a misunderstanding which breeds prejudice,” said Michael Haney of the United Indian Nations of Oklahoma.
Artists decry removal of nude art sculpture
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The removal from a federal building of a nude sculpture, criticized as a “shrine to pedophiles,” has drawn charges of censorship from members of the art community and the sculptor himself.
The General Services Administration placed the sculpture of a nude woman and a baby gjrl in storage after Rep. Edward R. Roybal, D-Calif., whom the building will be named after, criticized the artwork by
see ST.VTK, page 8
A recipe for low-fat eggnog for the holidays
By Cyndi Estok and Nancy Simmons
Special to the Daily
Thanksgiving is the beginning of the holiday season and the end to healthy eating habits for many people. Below are some suggestions that may help if you are trying to maintain your weight through the season.
•	Don’t overeat. When you feel full — STOP! You don’t need to stuff yourself because it is the holidays.
•	Remove skin and visible fat from meat.
•	Try low-fat or nonfat sour cream and mayonnaise in your favorite dips.
•	Use Cool Whip in place of whipped cream.
•	Replace high-fat ice creams with low-fat ice cream, ice milk or frozen yogi}rt.
•	Bake or steam vegetables instead of preparing them in casseroles.
•	Choose light poultry meat instead of dark meat.
•	Use cooking spray to grease baking pans and also to saute vegetables.
•	Prepare hard rolls in place of crescents.
•	Fix low-fat eggnog (see recipe below) rather than traditional eggnog. Eggnog is a
See FOOD, page 11
As a special gift to all of our customers to thank you (or ypur past and
coiUintüig support,
£1 Corral Bookstore will deduct 20% from the {»rice of selected merchandise.
♦ ♦♦
a
Discounted 20% for the sale will be Christmas gifts. Gift Books, School Supplies, Stationery,
Art, f^tsdt and Technical Supplies, Photo Supplies, Gift Wrap, Greeting Cards, Calendars, o Clothing, Food Items and much | - ™ore from our regular stock.
Computer products, class rings, class schedules, university catalogs, m^azines, textbooks and special orders are not indued due to their already low prices. Hurry for best sélection!
FREE GIFT WRAPPING!


Mustang Daily
Friday, December 6, 1991
TREES
‘ tL* t'f*' ■
*F "*	'
^^r:>v

RAY SANCHEZ/Mustang Daily
Matt Kramer, standing among four acres of trees, is proud of how his favorite seedling has grown.
From paj>c 1
Linguist, who also managed the tree farm for three yeaj’s, said “Rarely do we make a profit.” He said some of the money is used to pay back the debt to the Foundation.
DeLasaux said each quarter three students sign up for this project. They work on the tree farm doing maintenance duties.
He said the students are in demand throughout the summer growing season when they must shape the trees four or five times, as needed.
Currently, only four acres of
Poly agricultural land are planted with Christmas trees, although DeLasaux said four others are available.
“At the moment, the thought is that we don’t want to plant more trees because we don’t want to appear too commercial and compete with local growers,” he said. “First and foremost, the project is supposed to be an educational experience.”
Curtis Edson, the tree farm manager and a natural resources senior, said, “A lot more is involved than people think. It doesn’t just entail selling the
trees. It takes a lot of time and effort to maintain (the trees).”
DeLasaux said the students involved learn everything there is to know about growing the trees, particularly overall maintenance and how to manage this type of project.
In February, Edson said the stumps left from the cut trees wtII be removed, the land tilled and seedlings planted to continue the growing cycle.
The farni is located on Sten-ner Creek Road, just off Highway 1. For more information call 756-2702.
Rain, rain come again
Local farmers, weather watchers hope for wet December forecast
By Christy Rinauro
Staff Writer
With the possibility of rain on Saturday dominating weather reports, local agriculturists and weather watchers are hoping to see the start of the accumulation of the area’s December average of four inches of precipitation.
“Historically, our rain starts in December. Heavy months are usually January and February,” said Ron Munds, member of the San Luis Obispo Water Conservation Council.
The current drought has been a shock to Munds. When he moved into town in 1972, he said it rained buckets.
TV)day, as the area enters its sixth year of drought, Munds said he can hardly remember what green is.
Munds said the area’s rainfall was less than one inch in November. Normal rainfall for November is 2.7 inches. Average rainfall figures were computed from statistics from 1970 to 1990.
“Obviously, W’e’re substantially behind. Unless we have a major change in our weather
pattern, we’ll be in serious trouble. It seems our high pressure is not breaking down and is drifting north of us,” Munds said.
Jim Greil, a professor in the crop science department, said, “Statistically, the odds are g(x)d for normal rainfall, but I certainly don’t have a crystal ball.”
Greil said the weather has been fairly cooperative for the growers of the county’s main cash crop — wine grapes.
Without rain or frost appearing at unfortunate times of the season to damage wine grape crops, wine growers are looking to produce one of their best wines this year.
“The yields are still good and the quality is good, but the big problem is the availability of water,” Greil said.
As the wine grapes are currently in a dormant period, further rainfall will not affect them. However, there is concern for the area’s leaf lettuce, strawberry, broccoli, cauliflower and brussel sprout crops. Greil said if rain isn’t dropped upon these fields soon, “well be in a bad way.”
Join CALENDAR GIRL Now and Save.
Start Your Membership in January!
3 MONTHS ONLY $49.00


6 MONTHS ONLY $99.00
bales End Mon. Dec. 16th
“Price does not include $25 New Membership Fee
College Book Company Presents

Friday, December 6, 1991
Mustang Daily
COMMENTARY
Christmas season: the time to be merry, or the time to get jipped
By Laura Carrillo
Did you know Jesus Christ was a Capricorn with Sagittarian tendencies? He was reportedly bom on Dec. 25, which puts him at the beginning of Capricorn, but close to the end of Sagittarius.
Rumor has it that he was actually born in August, and he is really a Leo. But I like to think he was a Capricorn.
That same rumor says that they chose Dec. 25 as his birthday because it would make for a nice convenient holiday in the middle of winter.
I don’t believe it, though, because I am a Capricorn born the day after Christmas and, well, it’s comforting to know that Jesus had a rotten birthday too.
For those Christmas babies out there, you know what I am talking about! It is a special curse that is beset on us from the instant we are delivered.
Your birthday is inconsequential compared to Christmas. You want presents, well too bad. No one can remember your birthday and even if they could they wouldn’t be able to afford it.
“What do you need birthday presents for, you’ve got Christmas presents?” I get that all the time. Or they say, “This is your Christmas and birthday
Other views ot abortion issue
1 am a Christian white male ilepublican in the middle class. That makes me one of the most hated people on campus! 1 would like to respond to Fran-ceska Gleason’s commentary (Dec. 4) regarding the “silent majority” and abortion rights.
Ms. Gleason mentioned several times the idea of constitutional rights to privacy. I feel many people who flippantly use this term have never read the constitution because no such rights exist. It is a myth. If a child is being molested in the apartment next door to mine and I do nothing about it because I respect the right to privacy of the child molester, then I would be considered by most to be partially guilty of the crime. It would be ludicrous to not at least call the police. What claim then, do abortion rights activists have on such a right if child molesters do not?
The fetus is referred to by Ms. Gleason as a group of cells. Did you ever stop to think that all of us are a group of cells. You just have quite a few more than a fetus. Also, the DNA chains which define every person as a unique individual are all in place from the moment of conception. I agree that a woman has the every right to control her body, but the fetus in her is not part of that body and the majority of the doctors


■ \
V




• V'
V
S >
X
			1
		V -SL \ 1 \ T> TO \ 1	
	/	\	
	^ /		^ 1
			1
		1.	
ti
present!” Yeah right.
Don’t let them get away with it. Fight back.
Fam.ily, friends and acquaintances have no right to ignore and overlook us during the holidays. Don’t they realize that the highest suicide rates are
during Christmas? I would also venture to guess that most of these miserable unfortunates are Capricorns or Sagittaria ns.
I have a solution. I just buy myself things at Christmas and tell people that their birthday presents were also their
Christmas presents and they should be glad.
If you get frustrated or depressed during the holiday, due to your untimely birthday, just remember what it means to be a Capricorn. Capricorns are half goat and half fish (not a
pretty animal, but a successful one). They are the sign of ambition and loyalty and they look good in red and green. They are also stingy capitalists and you can see why. It all stems from a deprived childhood.
Let’s not forget that Christmas babies are also Sagit-tarians, or Capricorns with Sagittarian tendencies. Sagittarius is half horse, half man and carries a bow and arrow. A much more pleasing animal to look at than the Capricorn (that’s where I get my good looks). They have a zest for life and are one of the most understanding and easygoing signs (that’s where I get my laziness).
Anyhow, you combine the two and you have a perfectly balanced person with the best of both worlds.
So what if you get jipped every year? These are characterbuilding experiences that you should be grateful for. It is nothing a lifetime of therapy can’t fix!
Laura Carrillo is a journalism\ senior with a concentration in‘^ public relations. This is hcj J second quarter re/X)rting for AIus | tang Daily.	;
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR
in this nation would agree with me.
The last of Ms. Gleason’s points that I would like to address is the idea that women will have abortions whether they are legal or not. If society was to follow that line of logic, then we might as well build motels that supply contraceptives and sanitary conditions where men could take the women that they intend to rape. Rape would be safer for both parties involved since although rape is illegal, it takes place anyway.
I am pro-choice. I believe that all women have the right to ch(x)se whether or not to reproduce, but that choice has to be made before you get into bed with that special somebody and not after you get pregnant.
Brent Hardgrave Environmental Engineering
Recently, two full-page commentaries have advocated a woman’s right to choose. The right to choose to murder has serious consequences for society. Of course, if we apply R. Wayne Ball’s open season on “parasites,” we could solve a great many problems, including overpopulation, welfare and homelessness (not to mention lawyers!).
However, these wonderful benefits aside, murder is illegal, and abortion is the premeditated murder of a dependent person. Perhaps many of us are still “dependent.” Hmmm...
Lynne Hannah Math
Franceska Gleason should think out her reasoning a bit more clearly before she spouts familiar pro-abortion rhetoric and attaches her name to it. The “Constitutional right” that protects a mother’s choice to kill her unborn child should not be equated with the freedom of speech or freedom of religion. The decision Roe v. Wade is a highly controversial one and has not stood the test of time that the freedoms guaranteed in the Bill of Rights have.
Ms. Gleason argues that a mother is “here and now” and an unborn child “being of the future” does not really count and is not deserving of the same basic rights. Each of us was “unborn” at one time. Each of us spent nine vulnerable months in our mother’s womb. Each of us was given a chance to live. Pro-life groups are dedicated to the belief that all children deserve this chance.
Finally, you do not have to be a “religious fanatic” to be pro-life, as Ms. Gleason would suggest. You simply must have a sense of compassion for all humanity and a willingness to speak out for those who have no voice of their own.
Paul Knoch English
Athletics vote was a mockery
I voted no on the athletic referendum, though at the time I was divided on the issue. I value the sports program at Cal Poly; track and field, volleyball — awesome playing, committed athletes. When the referendum passed, 1 was relieved and somewhat pleased.
But here lies my reserved portion that put an X in the “no” box on Nov. 21. This referendum was not presented in formal, unbiased wi’iting to the student body. The fees would rise gradually and effect primarily those who had no vote (I thought we needed the money now). A member of the IRA board was removed mysteriously prior to initialization of the referendum committee apparently on account of his viewpoint against the referendum. Athletics did a tremendous job of campaigning for the referendum at the final football game while a letter was circulated to math, science and engineering faculty instructing them not to sway students not to vote against the referendum.
These incidents tell me I was not trusted in any way to make a decision for the institution I attend, support and admire. This was a mock election, a study in hidden agenda and manipulation. I did not desire in any way for those families of athletic faculty to lose what they had. I wanted to vote for them but I could not. I was forced to protest this mockery of the students.
But at the end, thank you President Baker for this instructional related activity in political science. Please practice these techniques on behalf of our library fee increase.
Robert T. Wyman Mechanical Engineering
Give us our due: it’s tattoo time
Awhile back. Mustang Daily promised that their editorial board would get mustang tattoos on their butts if more than 10,000 students turned out to vote in the recent elections. 10,367 students voted.
You made the promise.
We paid the price.
It’s tattoo time.
Of course, there may be some flexibility in the choice and design of the tattoos; we think a gerbil would be very appropriate for Peter Hartlaub.
Y)U made the bribe.
We paid the price.
It’s tattoo time.
And certainly the editorial board would agree that the students deserve to see irrefutable evidence of your fulfillment of this obligation. Certainly there is enough room on the front page for a few small photos...
You made the deal.
Now give us our due.
It’s tattoo time.
Shawn D. Warren Agribusiness
Gabe Joynt Journalism
■ '"ffi €
MUSTANG DAILY STAFF 1991 - 1992
Editor-in-Chief - Jason Foster	City Editor - David Bock
Managing Editor - Patty Hayes Copy Editor - Larre' Sterling Opinion Editor - Peter Hartlaub Photo Editor - Hans Hess A&E Editor - Joe Tarica	Bah Humbug - Virgil Mayol
Insight Editor - Amy Reardon	Illustrator - Jen Smith
Sports Editor - Neil Pascale	Adviser - Herb Kamm
Business Mgr. - A.J. Schuermann Ad Director - Lee Dobrec Sales Mgr. - Stan Merriken Credit Mgr. - Ken Crittendon Production Mgr. - Nelsene Toriano Classifieds - Leeandra Church
Computer Operations - Dan Malone Ad Design - Denise Meyer,
Lili Herrera,Todd Straka Paste-Up Babes -Bonnie Wilcher, Sherry Gurtler, Tammy COSSETTE, Ali Bottomley
Mustang Daily offices aie located In Graphic Arts Room 226, Cal Poly University San Luis Obispo, CA 93407. Phone: (805)756-1143. Fax: (805)756-6784. • All material In Mustang Daily is the property of Mustang Daily approval from the Mustang Daily editorial staff and the Mustang Daily publisher's board. Adverlisements and stories are copyrighted by Mustang Dally and may not be reprinted without written permission from the business
Circulation - Cecil Martinez Office Mgr. - Lisa Martinez Account Executives - Carol Rosland,Kim Forrester, Glenn Hom,Eric Benson Ryan Dover,Neil Higgins
No editorial material may be republished without manager. Printed by University Graphics Systems.
Mustang Daily
SPORTS
Friday, Decembers, 1991
Poly suits up as underdogs for Final Four
Mustangs take on No. 7 Cossacks
By Neil Pascale
Editorial Staff
It sure doesn’t figure, but the No. 12 Cal Poly Mustangs have a legitimate shot at winning the national title.
The upset-minded Mustangs will take on the No. 7 Sonoma State Cossacks at 5 p.m. tonight in the semifinals of the NCAA Division II national championships.
The game, the first of two semifinal contests, will be held in Melbourne, Fla.
Little more than one month ago, the Mustangs crawled into the playoffs by narrowly beating Grand Canyon University, 1-0, at Mustang Stadium.
Since then. Poly has played two dramatic nail-biters on the road — each ending in Mustang victories.
The first was a 1-0 decision over San Bernardino, which had beat Poly earlier in the season.
The Mustangs then became the first Division II sch(X)l to beat the No.3-ranked Seattle Pacific Falcons in two years. Poly barely beat the Falcons, 4-3.
Tonight, Poly finds itself in the Final Four in a very familiar role — an underdog on the road.
Poly has offensive weapons in Todd Henry (15 goals, 7 assists), Ryshiem Henderson (10 goals, 16 assists) and Lorenzo Cremona (12 goals, 8 assists).


'

V
FINAL FOUR TOP SCORERS




HANS HESS/Mustang Daily
The Mustangs have run past several opponents, including here against Cal State San Bernardino earlier this season.

« «
(0
c CO O T-c . o *> (0 «
w 2.
N
• «
.S «
Ol 5
— to
c ”
O o •r «
m
THE ROAD TO THE CHAMPIONSHIPS
Friday, Dec. 6.1991 - 5:00 p.m.
#7 Sonoma Sate Cossacks vs. #12 Cal Poly SLO Mustangs Friday, Dec. 6,1991 - 7:30 p.m.
#1 Fiorida Tech Panthers vs. #4 Frankiin Pierce Ravens Saturday, Dec. 7,1991 - 7:30 p.m. Championship Game
Final Four all ranked in top 15
By Neil Pascale
Editorial Staff
Here’s a brief list of the Final Four teams:
•	No. 12-ranked Cal Poly Mustangs (14-4-4) — The Mustangs have earned a bid to the Final Four after two wins on the road — a 1-0 victory over San Bernardino and a 4-3 decision over Seattle Pacific.
•	No. 7-ranked Sonoma State Cossacks (17-3-2) — The Cossacks got to the semis by beating Oakland, 3-2, in overtime and the University of Missouri, St. Louis, 3-1, in St. Louis. Sonoma and Poly have played four common opponents. Poly was 3-0-1 against them and Sonoma was 6-1-0. The Cossacks are led by senior Andrew Ziemer, with 26 goals and 13 assists.
•	No. 1-ranked Florida Tech Panthers (17-2-1) — The Panthers are in the Final Four after beating Tampa, 2-1, in the second round. The Panthers are led by sophomore Richard Sharpe with 39 goals and 13 assists in 20 games this season.
•	No. 4-ranked Franklin Pierce Ravens (18-3-1) — The Ravens are in the semis after beating Keene State, 2-0 at home. The Ravens are led by Bojan Vuckovic with 20 goals and six assists in 21 games.
Mustang Menu


Cal Poly's wrestling team is one of two teams on the road this week.
Cal Poly Calendar

Mustangs still perfect, 4-0

♦ ♦


ifl
0
At Home:
WOMEN'S BASKETBALL Cal Poly Classic 6:00 - 8:00 p.m.
On the Road: SOCCER vs. Sonoma State in Melbourne, FL 5:00 p.m.
On the Road: WRESTLING at Las Vegas Tournament in Las Vegas 10:00 p.m.
At Home:
MEN'S BASKETBALL vs. Univ. of South Dakota 8:05 p.m.
8
On the Road:
SOCCER
at Division II championships in Melbourne, FL 7:30 p.m.
10
Seven score in double figures in 105-97 win
By Travis Swafford
Staff Writer
The Cal Poly men’.s basketball team scored more than 100 points for the third time in four games on their way to defeating Fresno Pacific College Wednesday night.
The Mustangs outscored Fresno Pacific in the non-conference matchup 105-97, in what Poly Head Coach SUwe Beason described as a fast-paced game.
“Cal Poly has typically been a slow team, but this year we play much quicker,” Beason said.
Poly’s high-scoring affairs can be at-tribuU'd to the fact that many freshman players that played together last year are back this year, Beason said.
Poly, now 4-0, used a balanced offensive attack with seven players scoring in double figures.
“It’s pretty tough for a team to load up on one guy when everyone on the floor is scoring,” Beason said. “That is probably the first time in 20 years that we have had seven guys in double digits.”
Beason said the Mustangs don’t rely on one or two suj>erstars to carry the team.
“We have a lot of good players, but we don't have any great players,” he said.
In addition to the wide range of possible scorers. Poly can also score from any location on the court.
The team sank 13 of its 19 attempts from three-point range and hit 50 percent of its field goal attempts.
Bill Archer led the Mustangs with 18 points. Matt Clawson, Jeff Oliver, and Shawn Kirkeby added 17 points each for the Mustangs.
David Delaney and Greg Paulson sunk 13 each.
Cal Poly scores highest ranking ever in preseason coaches poll
»
By Brian Volk
Staff Writer
n.


SWIMMING
BRETT MITCHELL/Mustang Daily
The Cal Poly Mustangs have soared thus far after winning their first four contests this season.
In the euphoria of the referendum decision. Cal Poly athletics received more good news.
Both the men’s and women’s swimming teams are ranked No. 3 in Division II by a preseason top-10 poll of the College Swim Coaches Association of America.
The ranking is the highest Poly’s swim teams have ever had, said Cal Poly’s Head Coach Rich Firman.
Firman accounts this largely to a g(x>d share of returning memlx'rs and new recruits despite the “uneasy” times before the referendum decision.
“We’ve got a lot of returning juniors and sophomores and, surprisingly, with the
referendum, we had a good recruiting year,” Firman said.
“We have a transfer who is a U.S. Open qualifier in the 50-meter freestyle, and we drew in two high sch(X)l All-Amer*ican recruits.”
Firrnan said they have a returning team that placed second in the nationals’ 800-meter free relay.
He said one of the returning students, swim team captain Jeremy Brannon, placed in the U.S. Open.
The team also has returning national champion swim team captain Stephanie Keller.
Keller, a liberal studies junior, is in her third year on the team. She was pleased with the recent polls and sized up this year as having a “solid team with a lot of good people on it.”
.See .SU IMMINii, '
Friday, December 6, 1991
Mustang Daily
Students asked to select teachers for award
Hy Patricia Kgan
Staff Writer
On the last day of this quarter, nomination fomis for the Distinguished Teachers of the year are due.
Each year Cal Poly students are asked to nominate faculty members for the Distinguished Teachers Award.
The award, which Ix'gan in the 1963-64 school year, is the
university’s way of recognizing and encouraging faculty members for excellence in teaching.
“The purpose (of the award) is to encourage g(K)d teaching,” said Harvey Greenwald, mathematics professor and chairman of the Ilistinguished Teachers Award Committee.
Teachers are nominated during the fall quarter of each year by the student body via nomination forms, and the award

n Ì c Y c I r
235 Monterev St.

w
committee selects the finalists the following quarter.
During winter quarter, the nominations are narrowed down to approximately nine finalists. The committee then visits class-rcKim sessions of each finalist to determine three winners.
“Each member of the committee will visit a (finalist’s) class-i(K)m, but they won’t know we are coming,” said Calvin Wilvert, committee member from the
social sciences department.
Wilvert received the distinguished teachers award for the 1986-87 school year.
The winners are announced during spring quarter.
Last year the committee selected five winners, two more than the unusual number.
“The standard number of winners is three,” Greenwald said. “Last year the committee had a difficult time separating the
finalists.”
The award committee consists of five faculty members and two students.
Nomination forms will be available in all classroom buildings and both the library and University Union information desks until the last day of the quarter.
They can be turned into either the U.U. or library information desk.
SHOP • SLO • 543-81791
Secret Santas aim to fulfill wishes of 1,000 needy children this year
Network Mall, Central Coast Plaza house name trees
by Minku Parson.s
S‘aff Whiter
A thousand needy San Luis Obispo children are hoping to receive Christmas gifts this year from community members participating in the Secret Santa Program.
The progi’am, started by the Salvation Ai*my, helps people in the community below the poverty level and families with special hardships.
“It’s a really nice way that people can help needy children in the community,” said Salvation Army Captain Noreen French.
She said that the program begins with needy people applying for Christmas gifts including food and toys.
The children’s first names then are written on a tag to be placed on a tree in the community. Community members anonymously pick a tag off the tree and buy one of the gifts listed on the back of the tag.
“The person who buys the gift can buy whatever gift they want to,” French said. The gift does not have to be on the child’s wish
The participants then bring their gift back to the tree and volunteers make sure the gifts get to the children at Christmas.
“It’s worked very well in the past couple of years,” French said. “That’s why we’re so overwhelmed with applicants this year.”
Last year the Salvation Army served about 600 needy families.
“This year we’re up to 1,000, and we’ve had to turn some away because of it,” French said. “W’e are hoping that the community will be responsive to the needs.”
Last year, there were children
left who did not get their names picked off the tree, French said.
The Salvation Army provided those children with gifts donated by local businesses, individuals and college students.
“This year, since we’ve taken so many more (children) and the economy is so bad, there may be a number on the tree that won’t be provided for,” French said.
French said two trees would be set up this year — one at the Central Coast Plaza and another
at Network Mall.
Names can be taken from the trees seven days a week from the day after Thanksgiving to Dec. 16.
All gifts must be turned in by the 16th in order to make the deliveries.
Business Improvement Administrator Association Lynn Block said that there has been a lot of positive response from the community.
“It takes 100 volunteers to man the tree. We can always use volunteers to help with delivery and organizing,” Block said.
“There’s so many kids that need help and there’s tons of names on the tree,” she said. “You can make someone’s Christmas by being a Secret Santa.”
French said that by contributing to the program, participants can get discounts from many local stores.
The program has been a tradition with the Salvation Army since 1982.
This is the third year San Luis Obispo has participated.



A' We have San Luis Obispo County's
^ Largest Selection of Mountain & Road Bikes!
)\RT
s


198 South Street San Luis Obispo, CA (805) 543-4416
2179 10th Street-Los Osos, CA (805) 528-5115
SLO
198 South St.
543-4416

LOS osos
217910th St.
528-5115
n
I
I
I
Smog Inspection $ Qy|95
PASS or
I I I
DON’T PAY!
I CERTIFICATE $6.oo
MARaN iMICO • 1001 MARSH ST. SLO SAS-TSTS
Mountain Air Sportoj Ski Clearance Sale!^
i \
ALMOST ENTIRE SKI DEPARTMENT 40-507o OFF
Spring and Summer goods have arrived!
Beachwear. Windsurfing equipment. Tents, Backpacks. Many other accesories.
731 State St Santa Barbara 962-0049
WINDSURFING
• Rentals and Lesson$| have started!
Call for details.
MOUNTAIN AIR
SPCNtTS
667 Marsh St
(Corner of Marsh and Broad)j 543-1676
MUSTANG Daily
Friday, December 6, 1991
SWIMMING
From page 5
“I’m really happy about it,” Keller said. “It makes the team motivated to see that we’re ranked and people notice us.”
Team captain and physical education junior P.J. Madigan is in his third year on the men’s team. He said he felt last year’s performance in the national championship, particularly some fast relays, helped them to get the No. 3 rating.
“I was surprised. I expected us to be up there, but I thought UC Davis would be ahead of us,” said Madigan. “It really gives us something to shoot for.”
Team captain and reci'eation administration junior Anne Oberg was also surprised with the ranking, released Nov. 25.
“All along I’ve been told that this year’s team is the best we’ve ever had, but it was hard to see that because of the referendum,” Oberg said.
Oberg said the referendum kept many good people from competing in the meets. She explained that if people swam in one meet and the referendum did not pass, they would lose their eligibility.
The team has competed in meets against Fresno State,
University of Pacific, the Claremont Colleges and a relay meet in Bakersfield.
So far, they have had only one meet where the entire team has competed. Firman said this has kept the team from reaching “full strength” in the meets.
“Now that we know we’re going to have a team, things are going pretty well and everyone’s motivated,” Keller said.
“I think that the referendum decision has made us better. We really had to work as a team to get people to vote and that really brought us together.”
FiiTnan expressed excitement about the polls but said they are still subject to change throughout the year.
He felt confident the polls will be a g(X)d indicator of the final places at the national championship meeting scheduled in March.
Finnan said the highest the team has ever been in the Division II nationals occurred when the women team placed fifth and the men placed eighth. Last year, the women placed seventh and the men placed 10th.
Poly’s new power forward
BRETT MITCHELLyMustang Daily
At the Nov. 22 men’s basketball game against University of Caiifornia at Santa Cruz, a youngster runs onto the court. Poiy, however, didn't need him as they easily beat the Banana Slugs.

'■“"re T t*'*'"'*
2121 South Broad
F^lijs A. Free Cup» of Coffee
Buv one t>real<.fast:, get a second of eciual or lesser value FREE! Flus a free cup of coffee!
Not valid with arty other offer. Exr>. 12/31/91

Half Fr
Bu
2121 South Broad
Buy orte burrito, get a second of equal or lesser value at half price! F*lus a soft drink for 50<^ (soft drinks reg. $1.00) DINNER ONLY.
Not valid with any other offer. Exp. 12/31/91
Poly Students Welcome
Home in Cayucos. 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, fireplace, family area, 2 car garage. 400 feet from the beach.
$950/mo.
546-8686
HOLIDAY OPEN HOUSE
Saturday, December 7 • Noon - 4
stop by and join the HOLIDAY spirit with FOOD, FUN, FRIENDS,
AND FRAMES!

Optumeinc Service of Lu.fc 0*»'V(K
David A. Schulu, O.D Contact Lcr.ios and Unique Eyewear
T7^ Marsh Street, SLO

INTER
ONDERLAND

Holiday Gift Ideas For Everyone On Your
Shopping List!
Mon - Thurs 7:45 am - 7:00 pm
EIG>nall!;^Book5toie
Friday 7:45 am - 4:30 pm Saturdays 11:00 am > 4:30 pm
Boxed ¥
^ IFis/ies To Go!

Wrap Up Year Gift U*| In One Locatioa
Distinctive Gifts & Accessories Hostess Gifts & Baskets Local Wines & Champagnes Cards & Stationery Invitations
The Boxworks... We’re More
THE BOXWORKS...
YOUR ONE STOP SHOP For Holiday Gift Wrapping Packaging and Shipping
In TTic Network 778 Higuera, SLO 545-9940
Creative Gift Wrapping Exquisite Boxes, Bags & Bows Calligraphy Expert Packing Worldwide Shipping
Than Just Boxes!
b&i
W • t K S
Walk to Poly
2 bedrooms, 1 bath, laundry facilities and parking. $500/mo. 546-8686
Friday, December 6, 1991
Mustang Daily
STATE
m SKin
Can Sc the best ever!
Oeep Ckansing J^acids
‘ProftssionaiCorrective O^en treatments & (Malcf-up ConsiUtation
544-5729
1601 OsosSteet,SLO
$70.00 value for only $27.00
5orStudents	¡J 5orStudents On^
10%
on a(C Wa?iin£
_ 24£flinSr£U£(iJ)£c._Jl_
20% OJJ
Custom Ptended SHn Care Products & ail cosmetics
From page 2
Tom Ottemess for being sexually explicit.
“A lot of jjeople in the arts community are really upset about this,” said Adofo V. Nodal, general manager of the city’s Cultural Affairs Department.
Museum of Contemporary Art Director Richard Koshalek and Associate Director Sherri Geldin issued a joint statement Wednesday denouncing the removal and urging a public hearing of the artist’s views.
An attorney for Otterness, who was in Germany Wednesday at an exhibition, said the artist hopes to work with the government to restore his work.
“Tom was extremely upset and disappointed at the actions taken without any prior notice or respect for his artistic and legal rights,” attorney Henry Welt said.
Roybal sparked the controversy Tuesday when he called the work “an attractive nuisance.” He added that several judges complained about the work.
“It would attract the homeless that come in, perverts, graffiti artists, everything,” he said.
theme includes a battle of the sexes that results in the creation of new life.
One of the jurists who complained most loudly about the artwork was U.S. District Judge Dickran Tevrizian, who in a letter to Roybal called the baby sculpture a “shrine to pedophiles.”
The sculpture had been installed in the central plaza of the high-rise building, which is scheduled to open next month.
/
Welt said Otterness could decide to sue under the Visual Artists Rights Act of 1990, designed to protect artists from alteration of their work.
The work showed a woman squatting and a baby girl lying on her back, legs open and up, holding a globe. Both show genitals and are typical of Otterness’ nude figures.
The figures were the central element of a $266,000 work called “The New World,” whose
However, the untested law exempts “works for hire.” It is unclear whether the sculpture would be construed as “work for hire” and whether works commissioned by the federal government are covered by the law.
“But his goal...is to see his work displayed in the public space for which it was created,” Welt said.
WORLD
JUICE BAF
fresh fruit Smoothies • fresh Juices • (?)hakes • Yogurt 1108 ftfoad (Street, (San Ijuis Obispo I_	between llipjieni & Marsh
From page 2
The survey is published twice a year by the Geneva-based consultant Corporate Resources Group. It is based on a basket (T 151 products including food, clothing, recreation and transportation but not accommodation.
The survey is intended to help international companies and governments determine cost of living differentials paid to employees living abroad. The survey was calculated using mid-September exchange rates and prices.
The Iranian capital Tehran, which had been the most expen-
sive city for several years, tumbled to 93 with an index of 65, compared to New York. The consultant group said it used the official internal rate of about 1,400 rials for one dollar, compared to 67 rials in last May’s survey.
The Norwegian capital Oslo and the Swedish capital St(x;kh-olm tied for fifth place with a rating of 132 each. Finland’s Helsinki had an index of 129. The Swiss financial center Zurich rated 120 and Copenhagen and Geneva followed at 119.
The survey showed that Asia is becoming more expensive for foreign employees. Taiwan’s capi-
tal of Taipei had an index of 122, Beijing 113, Seoul 107 and Hong Kong 105. However, Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur, Bangkok, Auckland, Manila and Karachi are all cheaper than New York.
In Latin America, only the Peruvian capital Lima and Argentina’s Buenos Aires are more expensive than New York, with respective indexes of 107 and 104. This is because both countries have high inflation but have not devalued their currencies accordingly, CRG spokesman Carlos Mestre said.
Toronto is the most expensive city in North America, with an index of 102.
Back by Popular Demand . .. Just in Time for Christmas Shopping!
FACTORY OUTLET CLOTHING
BLOW-OUT SALE!
APPAREL
DESIGNER
ZONE

4 DAYS ONLY
Wednesday, Dec. 4th - Saturday 7th
10 am - 7pm
90%
below retail
•tJEANS
•	Tops
•	Shirts
Pants
Sweaters
Sweats
THOUSANDS OF ITEMS FOR MEN AND WOMAN FROM DEPARTMENT AND SPECIALTY
STORES, Manufacturers AND Catalogs.
(take
San Luis Veteran's Hall 801 Grand Ave. the Grand Exit Off HWY 101}

AMERICAN
EXPRESS
MUSTANG Daily
Friday, Decembers, 1991
CRIME
From page 1
OfT campus, however, the burglary problem is serious, said Seybold.
“It happens in major student housing complexes like Ramona Drive, Stenner Street, Foothill apartments and throughout the student housing community.”
If at all possible, Seybold advises, “it is extremely important to take valuables with you.
“If you must leave them behind, lock them up in a closet and at least write down the
serial numbers. Take pictures of them, and engrave your driver’s license number in them. And then kiss it goodbye.”
With a California driver’s license number engraved in it, the stolen item cannot be resold, he said.
He also advised students to cover up anything that must be left in a car.
Seybold called compact discs
the “hottest item” and suggested owners write their license numbers across the front labels of CDs in a thick marker. Other valuables that students should not leave behind are compact disc players, stereos, bicycles, cassettes, car stereos, camera e-quipment and computers.
“During this Christmas season, be real careful. There’s a lot of people out there who make their living ripping you off,” Seybold said.
NOISE
From page 1
develop cooperation and working relationships with landlords and tenants to bring chronic problems to head,” Gardiner said.
Marquam Piros, ASI Student Neighbor Relations representative, is concerned about how students will react to the amendment.
“We’re going to have to look at this and ask questions from a student perspective,” Piros said. “We’re going to incorporate this into the educational process and tell students this is what the law is, these are your responsibilities, these are your rights. If you violate them, this is what will happen to you.
“It’s also to make sure that the landlords are educating their tenants,” Piros said.
Some students offered their reactions to the proposed proposed noise disturbance amendment.
Pam Bills, biological sciences senior;
“The judicial system has gone to the university to solve the problems. It couldn’t help. So now they’re going to the landlords. I think the whole thing is ridiculous. WTiy should a complete stranger be responsible and pay the penalty?
I think it’s all the greeks’ fault. They are the ones who’ve had the major parties and have repetitively broken the noise ordinances. The judges are sick of seeing the same people over and over again. We’ve got a frat house just two blocks from us, and it’s ridiculously noisy. The residents are going to utilize this as a way to get students out of their neighborhoods.”
Dave Weston, mechanical engineering junior:
“They (the city) need to treat students as individuals on that basis. They need to deal with students directly and not goii
Happy
Holidays
your
family
from
our
family!
JOailv
around them. The cops also need to work with the students, instead of treating us as the enemy. But if you’re going to have a party, students should warn their neighbors before it happens.”
Dan Jacobson, social sciences junior:
“I think it’s going to cause more discrimination against students by landlords because they’ll be less willing to rent to students. I think it’s fine to
notify the landlords (about the noise violation), but they shouldn’t make them pay the fine. That should be the students’ responsibility.”
Gus Pendegraft, natural resource management senior:
“I think it’s unfair for absentee landlords, those that live out of town, because they can’t really come down and monitor the tenants. The landlord shouldn’t take responsibility for the actions of his tenants.”
TAKE A
STUDY DREAK
WOODSTOCK'S PIZZA
FLYIN' FREE DELIVERY
I One coupon per pizza
MUSTAN<5 PAILY COUPONS
Expires 12/20/91
I» 1 z.	/V
TWO D0LLAR6 OFF AND TWO FREE SOFT DRINKS WITH THE PURCHASE OF ANY LARGE PIZZA
additional toppings extra
100(D Hi^uera 5t. 5L0
541-4420
One coupon per	DAILY
pizza	• " '''’Fi-im: iei.vx.i.i.i;i;i*i.i.i.biiMie.i;iaiiM.-,>Mx.i;e>xii>/i.u.i;i.M..Mx:ve.. ,v. e., ,, J
TWO SMALL CHEESE PIZZAS
ONLY
$9.99
1000 Hi^ucra 5t. 5L0	541-4420
1» I 3K X W
EL CORRAL BOOKSTORE’S
'faJ/cf)tldr9r>s
ac1ivit>r •houf'
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7 10am-11am
isXMi	VITY; i
DR. SEUSS TRIBUTE
VARIOUS ACTIVITIES
This will be the last Children's Activity Hour for the quarter. The bookstore will be open at 10am this Saturday.
December 9th-13th SAVE 20% on
ri/- I any children's book
u^rrai ¡n stock
UUOIsSlDfSl	NO COUPON NECESSARY
SCHOLARSHIPS
Study at a university in a country of your choice for one academic year 1993-94
S.L.O. Rotary Club
is now taking applications for gratliiate/iindergraduatc students and Joiirnalisin, vocational, tcaclicrs of the handicapped
Valued at:
$15,000.00 to 20,000.00
C'oiiiaci:
•	IM:. McNamara - .^90 1 liiiiicra S.I..O.	543-777,S
•	Lee Balaui	"	544-0224
•WesWiiieii	54I-47S2
NEXT WEEK ONLY
.] lUi

14K gold regularly $50 off, now $100 off. 1QK gold regularly $25 off, now $50 off
JOSTENS
EIG>rral
Bcx)kstDre
December 12-14 9AM-4PM
Want to cut your holiday food bill?
Friday, December 6, 1991
Mustang Daily

Take advantage of the tremendous savings on all our quality food items at AMK Cash & Cany!
We feature the finest midwestern grain-fed beef and cut it to your specification in our own U.S.D.A. plant. You will also find gourmet sausage, cheeses, prepared chicken, geese, pork, and specialty desserts,along with an additional 4,COD items. Ask about our FamilyPaks!
Bring this ad with you when you visit our storej and receive 10c OFF PER LB. on all our quality meats and 10% OFF
all of our other fine products.
Not valid with spedal otters. Expires 12-21-91
320 CAPITOLIO WAY • SAN LUIS OBISPO • 544-0975

AMK
CASH & CARRY
TUESDAY - SATURDAY ___1Q:3Q Ail.fi:3QPM
o

EIG>rial =
IBookstore'’
K Bear, Nissan, American Airlines, arnl VISA announce
MIUEirS
•i,



Warren Miller Is Ski Bum Numero Uno...a combination Jean-Claude Killy, Robert Redford, Ingmar Bergman and Woody Allen." -L.A. Time*
At last! Warren is back in SLO!
Fri & Sat • Dec 6&7 »7 & 9 pm Cal Poly Theater
SAVE $1,001 Advance Oiacoont Tlckel» a Copeland •, Mountain Ait, A Cal Poly SW Club Table
. ...	Col Poly
nmmk rit 6W oub
Monitoring the monarchs
Biology students, professors study butterfly behavior
By Mark Maiden
Staff Writer____
This time of year, the bright clusters of monarch butterflies adorning eucalyptus boughs south of Pismo Beach look more like like huge clumps of orange leaves than collections of insects.
Wliile the butterflies hang in filtered sunlight, members of Cal Poly’s biological sciences department conduct studies that may help scientists understand more about the migration and habits of the delicate travelers, some of whom have flown in from as far away as Canada.
“This is our own research project,” said Kingston Leong, an instructor in the biological sciences department. “Initially we started with the state parks; now we’re doing it on our own just to unravel things. It’s like a puzzle — the more we unravel, the moi'e we find out.”
Leong said that each fall monarchs fi’om east of the Rocky Mountains head south toward central Mexico. “That is the main population, close to five or six million.”
Butterflies native to the western side of the Rockies head toward California, nesting just
NATION
Froni page 2
But she seemed more concerned about Pan Am workers than her own predicament.
“I feel bad. 1 really feel bad,” she said. “I’m originally from India, and we always flew Pan Am. It’s been in this country for so long. It’s like history.”
The shutdown stranded thousands of passengers around the country, including 100 people removed from a flight to the Dominican Republic just before takeoff from New York’s Kennedy Airport.
Several airlines said they would honor Pan Am tickets. But finding comparable flights during the busy holiday season is going to be difficult for many, said John Lindsey, a Pan A.m vice president.
“Obviously,” he said, “it’s going to be tight.”
“We’re all in shock,” he added. “It’s very, very tough for a 64-year-old airline and all the people who have gone through this.”
M.any employees left jobless
north of San Francisco and down tlie coast as far south as BajiT California, Leong said.
“The theory is that they tend to escape the (weather) extremes of the central states,” Leong said.
“Certain areas, I think, are like a funnel due to wind pat-
terns or whatever. It is my theory that when they hit the coast they tend to look for areas to cluster.”
Leong said the butterflies tend to gather in little groves, and this is one of the heaviest See Bl.T l KRFLIKS, page 12
were transferring to Miami from other cities as part of an plan to transfoiTn the cairier into a smaller airline ftK’using on Latin America. That plan fell apart on Tuesday.
Pilot Terry Barnes got the news when he radioed from the air for tlie gate numbers of connecting flights. He was told there wouldn’t be any connecting flights.
Harry Tomisaka, a 23-year fleet service veteran from San Francisco, walked into work Wednesday — payday — and found he no longer had a job. “We came up to work and they just told us we couldn’t go in,” he said.
Pan Am became the third U.S. airline to die this year, after Eastern and Midway, amid deep industrywide troubles brought on by the Gulf War and the recession. Pan Am bookings also were crippled by the 1988 terrorist bombing of Hight 103 over Scotland.
The death blow came on Tuesday in U.S. Bankruptcy Court
when Delhi Air Lines cut off financing to keep Pan Am in the air. Delta said it did not believe Pan Am’s business plan would work at a time when losses were about $2 million a day and b(K>k-ings were plunging.
Luz Rodriguez of Puerto Rico, a retired Pan Am office worker, had taken a break from chemotherapy treatment for a trip to Orlando when the end came for Pan Am.
“I said, Tm going to go for a ride before I die.’ And look what happened,” she said. She and her husband arrived at Miami Airport on one of the airline’s last flights. The couple continued their trip on American Airlines and got there less than three hours late.
Pan Am was founded in 1927 and inaugurated the first scheduled international flight — a mail run between Key West, Fla., and Havana, Cuba — the first scheduled trans-Pacific service (1935), and the first scheduled trans-Atlantic service (1939).
two localions
DFCADES
O /\\\^
tail/ ( '(‘//( ( tiihhri
907 Chorro 1130 Morro
Wide selection of classic clothing
for
women and men
w
csi^	Ties. Suits, Hawaiian Shins	ifi, ,
f'.; Now Canying, Doc Manen's Shoes and Nana Shoes 'K
12-5pm MoncUiy-Sunday	W
^	We buy used 5)1 Levis	-if- u
546-0901.546-0301
Gicsta Qnyon Lodge ^
SAN lUIS O HISPO
offers
Special Rates For Parents
•	Close to Cal
•	Complimentary Continental
Bree^fast
•	Restaurant / Lounge
•	Meeting Facility
idOOMonterayStieet (609)544-0500 (800)822-8601
MUSTANG Daily
Friday, December 6. 1991
1 1
FOOD
From page 2
tradition during the holiday season, however, it is very high in calories and fat. Here is a recipe for this holiday favorite with one-tenth of the fat as the traditional drink.
Low-fat Eggnog
1	1/2 cups sugar
1/4 cup all-purpose flour 1/8 teaspoon salt 4 large eggs
2	egg whites
8 cups skim milk, scalded 2 teasp>oons vanilla extract 1/8 teaspoon nutmeg 1/2 - 1 cup whiskey (optional)
Whisk together sugar, flour and salt in a heavy saucepan. Add eggs and egg whites. Whisk until smooth. Gradually whisk in milk. Cook over low heat, stirring with a wooden spoon for 15 minutes or until thick enough to coat the spoon. Immediately remove from heat and strain.
■S THIS HOW
TOUR MECHAHIC SIGNS HIS WORK
If the mechanic who services your car is careless in the places you can see, just think what he might have done in the places you can't.
At German Auto we provide the conscientious, expert service your high performance car needs for trouble-free driving.
So choose German Auto. We've been signing our work with customer satisfaction since 1970. Call us today for an appointment
Trust German Auto
Specializing in Porsche. Audi,
273 Pacific Street, San Luis Obispo 543-7473
Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight. Before serving, stir in vanilla, nutmeg and whiskey. If desired, pour 2 cups eggnog and 2 ice cubes into a blender. Blend until frothy. Repeat. Serve immediately. Serves 12.
Nutrition educators are available for consultation and dietary analysis. Call the Health Center for more information.
EK Actives
Get Fired Up For The Piedge - Active Party!! Countdown Starts Now... (see you next year)
r
B.B.Q. RIBS
FANTASTIC SALAD BAR (Over 70 Items)
HOMEMADE SOUPS & BREADS
Lunch 11:00 - 2:30 Dinner 5:00 •Steaks • Seafood • Chicken • Sandwiches • Giant Stuffed Potatoes Bring in student ID and receive a $1.(X) oft
^970 Higuera Street, SLO, 544-6193
Campus Cfubs
*POLO MATCH!*
12/7 11:30 CAL POLY HORSE UNIT
ALPHA ZETA
Christmas Dinner 12/7 at Mr. McCorkie's.Dir. in AZ Info
ARCE & CM!!
SEOAC & ASCM MEMBERS' BUY YOUR TICKETS FOR THE 2ND ANNUAL ENGINEERING & CONSTRUCTION FORUM DINNER FOR ONLY $9 ON 12/4 10AM-2PM IN BLDG.21 EW122A HURRY THEY GO FAST!
SWE
RESUME BOOK OPEN TO ALL STUDENTS 1-14-92 DEADLINE QUESTIONS? 756-2350
Announoemoiite
*POLY PHASE*
•TAKE-IN TWRF 10-3 FINALS*
1/900/4464SKI
99M 10% OF CALL TO US SKI TM
ALPHA CRISIS PREGNANCY CENTER 24-HR LIFELINE 541-3367 FREE PREGNANCY TEST ■A FRIEND FOR LIFE"
CASH for COMICS S GAMING ITEMS (or Trade Credit) New Comics Friday-New games weekly! The SUB COMICS GAMES & POSTERS 785 Marsh St SLO 541-3735
Creek News
s S'.	•>.»	*
Congrats AO
#1 \7olleyball
CHAMPIONSm___
The ladles of ZETA TAU ALPHA thank the men of KAPPA SIGMA for a successful couch-a-thon
Greek News
Congratulations!
To Erik Tobiason and Alpha Phi Karan Polder For Their Recent Pinning.
From
The Brothers of Lambda Chi
“Thanks to all who participated IN AXn'S chili COOK-OFF! CONGRATS TO 1ST ArP,2ND eX,3RD BWIL4TH AOri,5TH TKE.and 6THKAe
TO THE SIGMA CHI PLEDGE CLASS,
THANKS FOR ALL YOUR HELP WITH PEOPLE'S KITCHEN!
THE NUTRITION CLUB
We're so proud of our
AO Soccer Studs!
I^nterteinment
CHEAP THRILLS & RECYCLED RECORDS pays the MOST Cash for used CDs, tapes, LPs and video games. Lowest prices and highest trade-ins. CHEAP THRILLS 783 Marsh St 544-0686
I need 4 Grad Tickets Call Juan @ 546-8053
I need grad tickets for 9:30 ceremony please call Chris 541-2236
WANTEDI!
2PM GRAD TICKETS - WILL PAYS Please Call Ruth 542-0829
Word ProcGSdIitg
' ACADEMIC
LASER.SPELL-CHECKED, PROMPT. SENIOR PROJECTS,RESUMES,ETC. MARCY541-4214
PAPER CHASE WORD PROCESSING 6 YRS EXP CALL KAREN 544-2692
Resumes, Sr. Projects, Etc. Macw/ Laser Printer. Laura -- 549-8966
TERM PAPERS Loc. o i S. Higuera Near Los Osos Vly Rd 546-0867
Employment
Management Internships Now available with CALIFORNIA UNIVERSITY PAINTERS. Highest earnings potential and largest territories. For Application & Information CALL (800)400-9332
SUMMER MGMT.INTERNSHIP INTERVIEWS NOW TAKING PLACE.
GAIN VALUABLE EXPERIENCE MANAGING A TEAM OF EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS MAJORITY OF HIRING WILL BE COMPLETED BY NOVEMBER.AVERAGE GROSS PRO -FIT $11,287.CALL TRIPLE 'A' STUDENT PAINTERS FOR INFORMATION NOW l-iOO-426-6441
' for'#o!e/^ CANON f'i
W/50 mm f1.4 (new model)
$290 Kevin 542-9680
ENGAGEMENT RING 1/2 CT. RETAIL VALUE $2000, SACRIFICE $1000 473-0802
JVC CAMCORDER S-VHS.8X 200M,7 LUX.CHARACTER GENERATOR.SUPERIMPOSER.CASE AND MANY EXTRAS $675 544-4407
T-SHIRT SALE
DOLPHIN SHIRT CO 757 BUCKLEY SLOT-SHIRTS $3.00 SWEATSHIRTS $6.00 SATURDAY 8:00-1 ;00
87 HONDA SPREE.HELMET INCL. $325 CALL 5450182 LEAVE MESSGE
Suzuki 500C LIKE NEW 660 mi $550 541-0298 eves
MOUNTAIN BIKE
1985 Black Schwin $120 OBO 1989 Trek 360 Road bike 20" Great Condition $190 OBO Call 549-0154
Automobifes
'81 TOYOTA RUNS GREAT-LOOKS GOOD ONLY $999 CALL:543-3645
1965 Mustang Kenwood Xtras $4500 772-8259
68 Pink VW Bug
$2500 Firm. 543-2460 After ^
Rooi¥imei$0s
$265 OWN ROOM, 3BR 11/2 Ba' APT Stay 1/1 to 8/31 Call 542-0729
2 females needed to share rm in Irg house close to campus 230mo/230dep CALL 545-5916
FEM RMT OWN SM RM.SHARE BATH $200 DNTOWN LOCATION 542-9705
Fern Rmte own Room $260 per mo Avail DEc 15 call 542-9135
Female Roommate nded to share Ig rm 1/2 bath anached 210/mo nice nbrhd Avail 12-12 call Andrea5450724,5410815 Ivmssge
Female roomate needed 2 share close to Poly 235mo 549-0793 Jana or Ariel
Female Roomate Needed Own room in spacious house. Available December 1st $247.50 plus utilities. 541-8728
FEMALE ROOMATES NEEDED to share rm in furnished condo. $225/mo.avail .winter.544-0S72
FMLE RMT NEEDED TO SHRE RM FOR WNTR & SPRG QTR IN TOWNHOUSE 4 BLKS 2 POLY $215/OBO 5445612
FMLE RMT NEEDED 2 SHAR RM CLOSE TO POLY WASHER/DRYER PETS OK 212+DEPOSIT CALL 545-5807
FMLE RMT NEEDED 2 SHR RM COULD BE AVAIL 12/7 $215 545-7851
OWN ROOM $317 WALK TO POLY 3BDR HOUSE FUN RMATES 543-4504
ROOM FOR RENT IN 2BDRM DUPLEX $375,CLOSE TO POLY.CALL DARREL AT 542-9134 - AVAILABLE JANUARY

\T SMS ON TBt BACyc
or nils RECODO tue
COMUDSER COOED PE^S TUE
^ P1A.N0 ^T A6E tUREE


.l.s::.
HE YIRoTE H\S ElRST STNlPHON'l V4V€N Ht POOR
/
?. M-
TVU^TS
AMA.7JKG



* -L’
1 ii^
V-WEN 1 WAS
I	I
1 WAGTOlVET ^ niAiNEP -
ROOM-FOR-RENT
OWN ROOM/BATH IN APT W/2 EASY GOING MALE STUDENTS 1 BLK TO POLY.FURNISHED.CABLE $325/MO SHARE W/FRIEND-375/MO544-6703
YOUR OWN RM IN NICE 4BR HOUSE NEAR LAG LK. CLEAN CONSID MALE AVAIL 1/1 $265 CALL 545-8607
BerMI Hdùaina
CÖLLE&E ÖÄRden APARTMENTS SPECIAL
X-Large 1 & 2 Bdrms.
Super Clean, Close to Poly.
Nice Quiet Apt. House QUALITY AT AN AFFORDABLE PRICE $250 OFF FIRST MONTH WITH ANY 11 MO. LEASE RENTAL OFFICE: 284 N. CHORRO (Behind «6) 544-3952
/2-i iIRUík I !t
FURN CONDO 3Fe need 4th 2BR2BA Merwv TV WSH/DRY FRPLC WALK CP $250 375Chorro A 544-8848-Tim
HUGE RM.CLOSE TO POLY, WATER PD, DEC FREE, $317/MO 544-8366
OWN BEDROOM AND BATHROOM 1 BLOCK FROM POLY FURNISHED 295 MO H20 TRASH & CABLE PAID FOR MORE INFO CALL 544-7590
Own rm in large 3+2bath 1 Bik from Poly-Furn,Spa,2yds/Lvg.rm F.place ,wash/Dry.Dishwasher,2 Car gar,Clean,Quiet,Fun, $400+ 1/3util 1891 Hays Jamal 5415522
Own room in cute quiet 2-bedrm townhouse $338/mnth.H20&trshpd Avail. Jan 4 or sooner 5449632
SLO CONDO 2BR END UNIT FIREPLACE 544-3669
Homes
11 BUYING A HOUSE OR CONDO?
For a Free List Of All least Expensive Houses & Condos For Sale In SLO, Call Steve Nelson 543-8370. FARRELL SMYTH R/E.
AFFORDABLE SLO HOUSING GREAT FAMILY PARK 2BR OR 3BR ABAIL ASK FOR PRISC AGENT 542-8001
“^‘E you LOOKING FOR A CHARMING 4 BEDRM NEAR POLY? THIS PLUS A FIREPLACE,BEAUTIFUL HDW(X)0 FLR REMODELED COUNTRY KITCHEN W, MT VIEWS ON A HUGE LOT FOR ONLY $294,900 CALL CENTURY 21 TEAM 541-1921 ASK FOR ILONA
• Land for Sale
10 ACRES ALL USABLE SUPER WTR W/MBL/HM STA MARGARITA$198,889 PEGGY-DON P REALTY 544-8050
Purchase One Pair of Glasses at Regular Price... Receive:
FREE 2”“ FRAME
From Selected Stock with Purchase of Lenses
STIGERS
OPTICAL IMAGES
"When you care to look your very best" 714 Higuera St., San Luis Obispo 544-3364
1 2. Friday, December 6, 1991
Mustang Daily
ASI

J <•’ Ì i I I:	H O I
From page 1
10,000 students that voted on that day,” said Paul Sahargun, director from the School of Science and Math. “Dr. Baker is going to make a decision. It’s up to us to make sure we get the students’ opinions to him.”
Todd Fernandes, director from the School of Agriculture, felt much the same way.
“I don’t see why we’d want to postpone it,” he said. “Basically, it’s forfeiting our rights to advise
him.”
Deirdre Flynn, director from the School of Agriculture, added that only one formal complaint was actually valid in objection to the election results because it was the only complaint to be filed within 24 hours of the election results.
That complaint was of the students’ use of coaches’ telephones.
Nail felt that some directors were focusing on the outcome of the election rather than looking
at the election process which is what they had to vote on.
“You have to separate your emotions on the outcome of this election,” Nail said.
Before the final vote. President’s Representative Hazel Scott commended the board on their lengthy discussion.
“We broke our own record (in number of votes),” Scott reminded the board. “Truly, the student body has spoken.”
1235 Monterey St. * SLO • 543-8179| BUTTERFLIES
SUC’-'





^-rfv'A^	4509.0^^
price
Hug®
foT
cg\ecüou
ot K'd*

se
Easy

V\au
From page 10
areas for migrating monarchs.
Leong said about 300,000 of the colorful insects will spend the winter in the trees along Highway 1, enjoying their protection and the mild climate.
“The ones born in the winter have a life span of about seven months. They will spend their winter here. Then, as they head north in the spring, they lay eggs along the way and die.
“The progeny will emerge, mate, lay eggs and leapfrog their way north, generation after generation.” Leong said the summer butterflies live only a month or two.
The ongoing studies include measurements of wind velocity, relative humidity and temperature at ground level as compared to those at the height of the

clustered Monarchs in the trees.
Using a telescopic aluminum pole with monitoring devices attached at the top, researchers can reach up to the level of the tightly-grouped butterflies.
Identical devices record the same information at ground level. Leong and his students then enter the readings into a portable computer.
Leong said this data should help determine why butterflies group at certain levels on the trees.
Also, Leong calculates the height of the clusters to find the range of the groups on the trees.
Leong said biological sciences professor Dennis Frey, also involved in the studies, catches and tags specimens in the Pismo trees.
So far, over 1,000 butterflies
have been marked. They are painted in one cell of the black, skeleton-like framework of the wings.
“The tagging is twofold,” Leong said. “One is to see the behavior of the butterflies, to see if they stay here or move to another area. And since we have a coding system, we can tell, for instance, whether males cluster higher than females and how they distribute themselves.”
Trails through the tall eucalyptus trees provide visitors with a look at the specimens.
Orange County resident Mark Adler and his family made a point of stopping to see the butterfly trees.
“It’s amazing to see so many in one place,” he said. “I thought they hung around backyards all the time.”
WiiUr-, Tmiu' Is
-w
Mount a 1VI	Time
W f. ________________


ATTENTION MEMBERS !!
!
oat


Bar-B-Q and Deli
Open	i. ^
10 a.m. - 8 p.m.
Everyday!!


'•'ou need to come oy the booth* for one or more of the following reasons
•	the $1 0.50 ASI Insurance fee ior the Winter trip (or
•	Purchase one of the r-OMF 1992 ski calendars (they're hot')
•	Purchase tickets for the UUEI Warren Miller flick (Fri. and Sat.)
MANDATORY MEETINGS!!
Wed. 12/1 1 and Fri. 12/13 8 P.M. CHUAMSH
*Booth open Mon - Fri 10 to 2 Call 756>SKIS for more information
Hours: Sun-Wed 7 a.m. - 11 p.m. Thu-Sat 7 a.m. - Midnight
CORK e BOTTLE SPECIALS
{ 1/2 Pound Hamburger • $2.49
I 2 Pieces of Chicken * $2.69
idojo Potatoes • .85c for 1/2 Ibi
44 oz. soda * .99C
L ^	MONTH OF	^ j
Plant Basket Today...Not