Mustang Daily
California Polytechnic State University San Luis Obispo
Volume 54, No.57
Monday, Jan. 29,1990
Education students not prepared to use computer tech, says prof
By Jason Foster
Staff Writar
Cal Poly may have a reputation for producing quality engineers and agricultural specialists, but it may also be turning out teachers that cannot properly integrate computer technology into the classroom, said an education department professor.
Professor Dennis Nulman said Wednesday that Cal Poly hasn’t shown enough commitment to adequately train teacher-education students to iise technology in elementary and high-school instruction.
“It (Cal Poly) is failing to efH-ciently use its resources because we don’t have an organized plan
to use them beyond the state’s minimum goals,’’ he said. “As a result, we’re getting students coming out with different levels of ability in technical applications in education.’’
As of July 1, 1988, the state requires that all students seeking a professional clear credential take two computer courses. A profnsional clear credential is a state-required fifth-year credential for teacher education students.
The first of these courses can be any that fulfill the general education requirement for basic computer literacy. The second. Education 380X or one of several equivalents listed in the class schedule, is designed to show
Group discusses
format of spring commencement
Splitting of ceremony could remove Poly’s ‘black market’ ticket trade
By Laura Daniels
staff Writer
Should the Commencement Committee bring an outside speaker to address the spring graduating class? Should the ceremony be split into two separate ones? The Commencement Committee wants to know what students think about spring commencement.
Meetings are now being held to decide things such as who the speakers will be and if there will be multiple ceremonies.
Kim Waltrip and Jamie Howard were elected by the Executive Committee of Associated Students, Inc. last quarter to voice student opinions on the graduation ceremony.
“We act as sort of go-betweens between the Commencement Committee and the student committees (of ASI),’’ said Howard.
Bob Bostrom, chair of the Commencement Committee, said there were two ceremonies in December so students could get more tickets.
“1 wanted to do away with the
black market of graduation tickets,” said Bostrom. “Each student would get five graduation tickets. If you have two graduation ceremonies, you’ll get 10 tickets.”
Last December’s commencement ceremonies had agriculture, engineering and science and math students graduating in the morning, while business, liberal arts, architecture and professional studies and education students graduated in the afternoon. President Warren Baker spoke at both ceremonies.
Waltrip said she gets her ideas from students and friends, including her friends on the executive and academic committees of ASI.
When Waltrip or Howard get suggestions, the ideas are presented to the executive committee and the commencement committee. If the ideas are agreed upon, they become part of the plans for spring commencement.
Ideas may be submitted to Commencement Committee members or left in the ASI box located in Room 217 of the University Union.
specific computer applications and devices teachers can use in a classroom setting.
Nulman thinks Cal Poly should do more.
“We meet the minimum goals the state provides,” he said. “You’d expect a polytechnic university to come out and meet more than the minimum goals.”
Other members of the teacher education faculty, however, think Cal Poly provides enough instruction to teacher education students on educational technology.
“I would say the present (computer course) requirement is sufficient,” said Professor H.
Sec COMPUTERS, page 6
Student comedy troupe launches plan to bring relief to county’s needy
By Kathy Kenney
Staff Writer
A Student comedy troupe. Loose Change, plans to bring relief to the county’s needy and to have fun doing it.
A mixture of Cal Poly and Cuesta students Wednesday saw a demonstration of its new fundraising tool — a “pie in the face” booth during a press conference at D.K.’s West Indies Bar. The nine performers will travel next month to farmers markets throughout the county. Their goal is to promote their fundraising program called “The One-Percent Solution.”
Michael Passarelli, creator
and director of Loose Change, said if only I percent of the county’s population gave $5 a month, it’s estimated that 30,(XX) hungry could be fed. Monthly operating costs for the county food bank are S10,000, he said, most of which benefits senior citizens and children of the working poor.
When county residents sign up for the program at the booth, they can throw a pie at a guest target. Passarelli said comedians, policemen, politicians and even employees for the IRS will be among those waiting for a taste of the whipped cream.
Also for promotion, the See COMEDY, page 7
Finding black identity...
February is Black History Month, and guest Columnist David De Luz examines a culture that long has been denied to its people.
No more ‘Party’ Royal?
The Poly Royal board is planning to divert our attention from drinking to educational activities.
In SPORTS MONDAY...
The Cal Poly men’s basketball team ends its winning streak and drops games against CSU Dominguez Hills and Chapman College.
'"fi!...............
Mustang Daily
Tara Giambalvo
Editor-ír-chief
Terry Lightfoot
Managing Editor, Content
Laura Fleischer
Opinion Editor
Christine Kohn
Insight Editor
Amber Wisdom
Photo Editor
P*ßgy Yeyna
Business Manager
Doug DiFranco
Managing Editor, Graphics A Design
Stewart McKenzie
A & E Editor
Rob Lorenz
Sports Editor
Steve McEntee
inustrator
Ed Hein
Adhiiter
Advsrtising Diraciors: John Alexiou, Michelle Hertig National Acct. Exaculiva: Kathy Conlan Production Managar: Darin Hershberger
Account Exacutivas: Sheryl Anderson, Mark Azevedo, Kim Carlson,
Hope Hennessy,Chris Hewitt, Stan Mernken, Laura Sjoberg, Mike Weiser, Janene Snedeker, Herod Lowery (Collections)
Claaaifiad Advertising: Kathy Conlan, Manager, Tracy Fowler, Dan Malone
Business Directory: Cathy Lung
Circulation Managar: Royce Rippere
Circulation: Cindy Fowler
Computar Operations: Dan Malone
University Graphic Systems: Bill Kennedy, General Manager, Derek Richmond, Production Manager, Mike Beaulieu, Paste-up Manager; Chuck Oey, Electronic Imaging Manager Robert O'Hara, Camera^Stripping Manager, Jeff Pappas, Sheetfed Manager; Steve Avery, Web Publications Manager, Laura Lawton, Sales Manager, Marby Zacuto, Estimator; Red Heesch, Adviser.
The Mustang Daily is published Monday through Friday during Fall, Winter and Spnng quarters by the Journalism Depeu^tment. Unsigned editorials represent the majority view of the Editorial Board. Advertising is solely for informational purposes and does not represent an endorsement by the publisher or university. The Mustang Daily offices are located in Room 226 of the Graphic Arts Building, Cal Poly University, San Luis Obispo, CA 93407. Telephone; (805) 756-1143.
The newspaper for Cal Poly. Since 1916.
Before addressing Jeff Coffman’s attempt at an argument (Jan, 22 commentary, “M.L. King undeserving of honor”), it may be pertinent for us to remember the words of a French philosopher who said: “No man is strong unless he bears within his character antitheses strongly marked,” This means even the greatest men have weaknesses they wrestle with.
Martin Luther King Jr. was foremost a man. He was not perfect, but his accomplishments overshadow whatever faults his detractors will allege.
King graduated from Morehouse College with honors at 19, earned a second bachelor’s degree from Crozier and was at the top of his class by age 22, flew through the master’s and Ph.D. programs at the prestigious Boston University to earn his doctorate at 26.
He also founded the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and was its first president, led the nation’s largest activist gathering ever, wrote five books, published more than 60 articles, had more than 3,000 speaking engagements and was the youngest winner ever of the Nobel Peace Prize.
King’s accomplishments were cut short by his assassination at 39, but in those years, he single-handedly revolutionized American social and political life.
Coffman constructed a three-stage scaffolding upon which I can hang his argument. Two criticisms don’t address aspects of King’s public life and moral philosophy, which ideally should be the only debatable subjects. They instead resort to speculations about King’s personal life and to guilt by association by giving his aides the hackneyed communist label. A third argument contains quotes so badly misconstrued they reveal Coffman’s malicious intent.
As to King’s alleged extramarital affairs, Coffman erred in stating he should be classified
with Jimmy Swaggart and Jim Bakker because, unlike these ministers. King isn’t alive to deny or affirm the charges, he had a public life apart from his Christian ministry and should be judged on the basis of that, and finally. King’s widow and children firmly believe in his moral goodness on this count.
Coffman targets some of King’s aides as associates of communism. It is not illegal nor necessarily un-American to associate with individuals who have communist ties; nevertheless, King was always anticommunist. He said, “Communism forgets that life is individual.” And King and the SCLC were both cleared in the FBI’s report to President Johnson.
As to Coffman’s erroneous perception of King’s moral philosophy, his blatant misuse of quotes from “I Have a Dream” is despicable. The “whirlwinds of revolt” statement and all others King made of that nature show when he mentioned violence, he was only stating the fact of its already present existence — for example, in Watts or Detroit. King never condoned rioting or violence of any form. His notion of power was bound up inextricably in a doctrine of love and intrinsic unity of the human race.
King deserves to be recognized each year because he was our first national leader to envision an America in which all of us thrive harmoniously. George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln and other American presidents were great men who rendered priceless contributions to our way of life, but their visions were exclusive of some, not inclusive of all.
Because King recognized all of America so completely and unconditionally, it seems right the people of the United States recognize him and the truth of his message in the same spirit.
Andrew Davis is a political science junior.
Opinion
Commentary
•A


	
Rebuttal	By Andrew Davis
Month salutes black heritage
By David DeLuz
King deserves recognition for work
Black History Month is almost upon us once again. This is a time for all black Americans, and indeed all Americans, to salute the accomplishments of Afro-Americans	past	and	present. But
why is this necessary? Why must this seemingly useless information	be	“crammed	down our
throats” every February?
For those of you who may not understand, imagine your particular culture not having a heritage. What would it be like to be Italian, English, French, or anything	for	that	matter, without a
sense of who you are and w here you came from?
I can	assure	you it is a feeling	of	total
uselessness	and	embarassment. Where	do	you
come from? Why should you be proud of who you are? These questions	I’m	sure	most	people inter-
nally ask themselves, and most can answer for themselves with almost no hesitation.
Except the Afro-American. When Africans were sold into	slavery	and brought to North	America,
they were	cut off	from the knowledge of	their	own
kind, cut off from the knowledge of their own language, religion and past culture until the African-American was the only race on earth that had absolutely no knowledge of its true identity.
The African-American “Negro” was invented in this country by the frequent trips massa made to the slave quarters to cool down his burning libido. This weakening of the bond between the Negro of America and the African caused prejudice and hatred among this group that was enslaved as a whole.
After several generations, when almost all that was African about the black man was either killed off or forgotten, massa began to teach his uncouth animals they did indeed come from Africa — where they were plucked from the jungle, swinging from vines like monkeys and killing tigers with their bare hands — and were saved from the uneducated, uncultured primitive societies of Africa.
And when they wanted to worship God, they could not even think of worshipping a god in their likeness. God is black? Nonsense. Could never be.
The black man eventually would do anything to be like the white man — bleach his skin, straighten his hair, lighten his eyes — because the white man was seen as superior to the black man. The sad part about all this is not only did whites feel this way, but many blacks felt the same way, too. Being lighter complexioned meant a black could “pass” for being white. Being black was a curse.
When a young boy by the name of Malcolm Little, who later would become known to the world as
Malcolm X, was in the eighth grade, a section on black history was introduced in his history class. He was discouraged to find the entire history of black Americans was exactly one paragraph long. The entire history of a people who had been in this country for more than 300 years was one paragraph.
This experience has been shared by many blacks across the nation when they were young, including myself. Imagine the feeling that as a people your culture had accomplished nothing. Many Americans know nothing of the accomplishments of Louis Lattimer, Dr. Charles R. Drew, George Washington Carver and Benjamin Banneker. 1 know I never read, in a state-issued text, much more than a few pages of scribble about the accomplishments of these and other black Americans.
Growing up without a sense of pride in who you are is difficult. Being denied access to the heritage of the black man, many blacks grow up thinking they are little more than what they saw on television just 10 years ago — television where blacks were portrayed as pimps, street whores and hustlers, killers and criminals. People — especially young, impressionable black and white youths — believe what is seen on television.
Ignorance of peoples’ cultures is one problem of all Americans, We as a country are so ethnocentric we have created a Berlin Wall of sorts by not allowing others’ ideas to penetrate our little world. This “Berlin W'all” is even more opposing than the actual one in Germany was, for this wall is of the mind. Physical barriers are easy to overcome; mental barriers take much more of an earnest effort to rise above.
So the purpose of Black History Month is not to force blackness onto everyone who might cross the path of a parade or speech, but to enhance the knowledge of a culture that was and still is denied to its people. In order for people to respect us, and indeed to respect ourselves, we must know who we are and where we come from. One month out of a year isn’t going to erase 371 years of denial, but it must start somewhere. And to my brothers and sisters. Black History Month for us must go on year-round, so we may continue to educate our unknowing brothers and sisters, and bring to them the light of knowledge, and a ray of hope for the future.
David DeLuz is a journalism junior and vice president of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity.
Letter to the Editor
Perfection not key to becoming great
F^ilor — It seems to me, after reading last week’s Mustang Daily, if someone is going to be great, famous and remembered, he or she must be perfect in every way, shape and form.
While I might not like Martin Luther King Jr. for his values or infidelities, I do like what he represented as a symbol. King is not alone in his infidelities and hidden beliefs. Thomas Jefferson
was unfaithful to his wife; when he died, he left his estate to one of his slaves, his mistress. Abraham Lincoln wasn’t perfect; while giving his Emancipation Proclamation, he was smuggling slaves to a secret island.
I could go on, but it is not my point to batter American immortals. King was not as perfect as we might think, but he was not alone either. These men all did great things for America and stupid, hypocritical, immoral acts in their private lives.
Where I do not think I could
like these men as individuals, 1 do like what they have done for America. Jefferson gave us freedom in the Declaration of Independence. Lincoln stopped slavery through the Emancipation Proclamation. King made giant steps in the civil rights movement and the equality of man. I feel we should remember these men for what they did for us. They did give us something, didn’t they?
Kyle Dewar
Metallurgical/Materials Engr.
Mustang Daily Monday, Jan. 29, 1990	3
' i
'
No beef about it...
Prof finds cattle meaty subject
By Leo Shiffrar
Staff Writer
As a youngster, Jack Algeo lived on a cattle ranch in eastern San Diego. Today, Jack Algeo is the head of the animal science and industry department at Cal Poly.
"It’s interesting to come back to the university after having years of experience in the industry under your belt,” Algeo said. ‘Tve spent most of my working life in the industry (animal science) doing work in 11 western states,” he said.
Algeo’s first job was teaching animal science and nutrition at Cal Poly in 1949.
Algeo graduated from Washington State with a master’s degree in Animal Science Nutrition and a bachelor’s degree in Animal Science.
Before returning to Cal Poly about four years ago, Algeo worked in the animal science industry in many capacities. He worked as a resident nutritionist for a Santa Maria company, where he was responsible for livestock nutrition and research. He said people in this company were innovators in the mechanized feeding of livestock. From there he opened his own consulting firm working as an animal scientist in nutrition.
Algeo then decided to sell his firm and return to Cal Poly after taking “a 30-year sabbatical.” Algeo said the animal science and industry department at Cal Poly is unequaled by any in the country.
“Cal Poly and our system is absolutely the best for
John Algeo
undegraduate training,” he said. “The Cal Poly Foundation makes the system go.”
Algeo is also working on the Beef Safety Assurance Task Force. This task force, which has representatives throughout the United States, is a means to assuring that store owners and consumers have safe and wholesome beef products.
Algeo said the animal science industry has been a mature and stable industry.
“You will see better products on the market that are consumer oriented — a product that’s as safe as humans can make it,” he said.
Algeo said one of the most important things in the industry in years is to breed a leaner animal.
“We produce a leaner, more healthier product than we have ever before,” Algeo said. “Today, there’s 2 to 7 percent fat content within a loin steak. In years past
there’s been 20 to 25 percent fat content. There’s a push to produce a nutritionally dense product that’s high in vitamins, iron and protein.”
Throughout his travels across the United States, Algeo has noticed that the one big question the consumer asks him is,“How come you use hormones and antibiotics in cattle?” Algeo said people are misinformed when told that the hormone estrogen could cause cancer.
Estrogen production in the human male is 130,000 parts per billion (ppb) daily, said Algeo. In the nonpregnant female it’s from 200,000 to 1 million ppb’s daily. A steak from a non-implanted animal is about 2.4 ppb, and 3.2 for an implanted animal.
“How can it be any big thing when a steer has only 3.2 ppb?” he said. “There’s a lot of false information on this. It is safe.”
He said that less than 5 percent of beef producers are feeding antibiotics to their cattle.
“There’s more effective ways than feeding antibiotics to cattle,” Algeo said.
Antibiotics are used mainly when animals are sick, he said, adding that antibiotics are used to keep the animal alive. In addition, it costs too much to always feed the animals antibiotics. Algeo said the industry tries hard to meet stringent FDA and USDA standards.
Algeo said he’s enjoyed working at Cal Poly and in the industry.
“I tell my students to do something they like to do,” he said. “When you do something you like to do, you invariably do it well.”
Management conference to feature alumni
By Glenn Horn
Staff Writar
A human resource management conference scheduled for Friday is the senior project of three Cal Poly business majors.
Christopher Bradbury, John Butler and Tracy Westnedge, who felt the business department needed a more specialized seminar, planned “The New Age of Human Resource Management” conference. The conference is sponsored by the School of Business, and will take place Feb. 2, from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.

at the Shore Cliff Lodge in Pismo Beach.
Human resource management “is a growing field, and it’s going to be more important in the next decade,” said Westnedge. “We want to make it a little bit more well known.”
Working in the Alumni Relations Office, the students began the project in September by searching the data base of more than 8,000 business alumni to find panelists experienced in personnel or resource management departmants of large- or
medium-sized companies. Other experts were found through acquaintances and inquiries.
More than 100 students, businessmen and local representatives are expected to turn out for the event.
“It’s generating quite a bit of interest on and off campus,” said Stephen L. Hughes, from alumni relations for the School of Business. Several banks and local agencies are also planning to send teams to the conference.
If the senior project is sue Sec CONFERENCE, page 8
BURGER MONDAY
4-9pm
Burger w/fries $2.95
Monday Nights!
Country Music
9pm-lam No Cover

990 Industrial Way SLO
541-0969
KODAK
PH01OGR4PHIC
JOIN US ON THE PATH TO BETTER PICTURES
Presented by Eastman Kodak Company and
Jim’s Campus Camera
Join Kodak Photographic Specialist Donald W. Chamberlin in a multi-media 3 hour Photo Seminar on Thursday, February 1 from 7-10 pm at the City/County Library in San Luis Obispo.
Imagine a sea of soaked grass in a mountain meadow set ablaze by the first rays of morning. Imagine, too, discovering that you can capture some of that magnificence in your own way with your own camera. Helping others perform some of that magic is what Don Chamberlin does.
Mr. Chamberlin, a 22 year employee of Eastman Kodak, coordinates his companies activities with the National Park Service. His travels have taken him to every state in the U.S. and internationally, presenting Kodak Seminars and spectacular Multimedia Travel Shows.
Join the thousands of people each year that enjoy his conversational approach to photography. Enjoy the many illustrations for Kodak’s programs for parks and instruction that come from Don’s sharp eye.
TICKETS $10 IN ADVANCE $12 AT THE DOOR
Koom size will limit number of tickets.
Advance purchase recommended
Jim’s Campus Camera 766 Higuera San Luis Obispo 543-2047
ASI SPECIAL EVENTS WANTS YOU!
Join The Club That Brings You:
*Comedy Shows *Bands In The Plaza ♦HYPNOTISTS ♦Circus Var^us ♦Films like...
-Dead Poets Society -Indiana Jones Trilogy ♦And Much. Much, More!
We Want Your Input;
Wednesdays - 6:00 p.m., U.U. 216
Monday, Jan. 29, 1990 Mustang Daily
ONE PICTURE IS WORTH A THOUSAND WORDS!
AVOODSTOCK’S
(NEED WE SAY MORE?)
1015 Court St.
541-4420
PRETTY FAST. FREE DELIVERY
Committee seeks to change image, emphasis of Poly Royal weekend
9-step plan may downplay parties, alcoholic activities
By Larre Sterling
Staff Writar
This year’s Poly Royal Committee has decided to change the image and focus of the 58-year-old Poly Royal weekend.
There is a growing concern that past Poly Royal weekends have focused more on “party royal” than on exhibiting Cal Poly’s educational achievements.
“Among the alumni, there’s an appreciation for the tradition and the eTthibits, but among many students and prospective students, it’s a party,” said Scott Hublou, superintendent of Poly Royal. “Many other university students come because San Luis Obispo turns into one big party.”
In 1988, Cal State Chico’s 75-year-old Pioneer Days were canceled by the university’s president due to excessive parties and troublemaking. There is
a concern by the Poly Royal Committee that this may someday be Poly Royal’s fate.
“I’ve had two, if not three, meetings with President Baker, and it’s an issue he is concerned about,” said Hablou.
The Poly Royal Committee is implementing a nine-step plan in an effort to change the focus of Poly Royal.
•There will be no alcohol paraphernalia, such as beer mugs, shot glasses and T-shirts, sold on or off campus during Poly Royal.
•There was a meeting with beer distributors to stop* the printing of “party royal” advertisements, and to increase a “Drink Responsibly” campaign,
•ASI is producing a calendar of events to be passed out to guests. The phone number for Tipsy Taxi and an explanation of the Drink Responsibly campaign will be printed on the calendar.
•There will be an increase in night-time activities sponsored by on-campus organizations.
•The Committee proposed to the City of San Luis Obispo that
BREAK OUT OF THE HAMBURGER RUT...
COME TO STREET SUB'


"TTt


AVœDSTOCKS
1 ITEM LARGE PIZZA & 2 SOFT DRINKS
$9.49
OR
1 ITEM SMALL PIZZA & 2 SOFT DRINKS
$6.68
ANY SIZE SANDWICH (one coupon per sandwich)
one coupon per pizza Good Monday Only 1/29/90J ^541-0955	exp. 2/01/90	1060 Osos
1060 Court St. 541-0955
« STREET SUB

I
2 FREE DRINKS
WITH ANY SIZE SANDWICH
(one coupon per sandwich)
541-0955
exp. 2/01 /90	1 060 Osos St.
STREET subì
50<: OFF
downtown stores be kept open at night during that weekend.
•The Foundation and the university gave money to the Poly Royal Committee to make a high-quality brochure in order to increase positive public relations about the weekend.
•At a committee of statewide university representatives, a request will be made to change the image of Poly Royal through press releases in their college and local newspapers.
•The Committee is working with apartment complex managers in an effort to regulate parties and prevent riots.
The committee is not trying to stop parties, but downplay them, said Hublou.
“We are trying to gradually stop it so that it doesn’t get so big that it has to be canceled,” said Hublou.
As concession booths increase, the amount of educational displays decrease. To change this, all 300 concession booths will receive a 5 percent discount on the university’s portion of profit if they set up an exhibit explaining the purpose of their organization.
“The key to preventing the problem from perpetuating is really in the attitiudes of the students,” said Hublou. “If they don’t take pride in their school, their clubs, and hence. Poly Royal, we can talk until we’re blue in the face and it won’t do any good. The clubs need to take pride in themselves and put their best foot forward.”
For a cleaner
planet,
recycle this paper
Get fast results at Diet Center.


»»
!

Susan SaintJanies
Piet (.'cntir success stnrv
B Lose leeif^ht fast. 17i ( >p
10 p< hiikIs in 2	up t* >
25 poutuls in (> WLvks B Save money. ,\( > «.*\|X‘n-''iw packagfJ It kkN ivt|uia’t.l B l\‘rst»nalizeii counsel-infi. Il\ prnfcsMon.ils who ■' h.i\o lt)st wvi.qlit .111 )ict CY‘nit.T
Center
//jf uvight-loss fmtfessionais.'
C	t < « nii r liH
jfHj	wiH X jrx w itti i At h iruhx tJiul
CALL NOW!
1504 Marsh at Calif. Blvd.
541-DIET
Other Loc'atlons: Atascadero Morro Bay
lustang Daily
Monday, Jan. 29, 1990	5
Men’s Basketball
Mustang 3-game winning streak ends
Poly loses two to Chapman, CSU Dominguez Hills
-iockey should be )n network TV
Hockey is one of the most exiting sports to watch, live or on clevision, yet last weekend’s Ml-Star game was the first network TV appearances by the ^Hl. in years. What’s the pro-)lem?
For starters, the pace of a iockey game doesn’t lend itself
0	network television. You can’t ut away for a block of three ommercials, because it kills the ace of the game. Each team on-y gets one timeout the entire ame, so that can’t be relied ipon for a consistent commercial break. On cable networks such as Prime Ticket, they’ll take a break after, say, an offside call and before the face-off to resume play, but they won’t cut away for more than a 30-second spot. Even 30 seconds is too long, because like
1	said before, the pace of the game is ruined.
.‘\nother problem with the NHL is that the league is managed poorly. Hockey seemed on the verge of something big a few years back when they were on ESPN, but when the contract expired, NHL President John Ziegler decided not to give ESPN a contract renewal. Instead, the contract was awarded to TSN, a j sports cable network that is limited to the Northeast area of “ United States. So the NHL
■	coverage is limited to TSN on a national basis, and the league
: has to depend on local cable outfits like Prime Ticket on a regional basis.
Another unfortunate aspect that may or may not hurt the NHL is that there seems to be a j lack of broadcasters competent enough to keep up with the fast pace of a hockey game. A1
■	Michaels of ABC did a good job at the Olympics — you remember, he was the guy who
: said “Do you believe in miracles?” when the USA team beat the Soviet Union in 1980 — but then, he does a good job with every sport he calls. I didn’t get a chance to see the All-Star game last Sunday, but I’ve been told that Marv Albert wasn’t so hot. He left a lot of dead air, I guess.
Say the NHL did sign a contract with a major network, '^'hat if it was CBS? I don’t even want to think about Brent Musberger calling a hockey game. Hopefully, in the next couple years NBC will pick up about 12 games to test it out. And if it works, by the time the NHL expands near the end of the 1990s, we could have full-scale national television coverage of hockey.
By Jay Garner
Staff Writer
The men’s basketball team lost two games this weekend, ending its three-game CCAA winning streak.
Playing their first league game away from Mott Gym, the
Mustangs fell to Chapman College 86-76 on Friday night.
Coach Steve Beason said the Mustangs led by one point with about 2:00 left in the game when Chapman’s Beau Pack hit a three-point shot. Then Mustang point guard Simon Thomas intentionally fouled Chapman’s Von Shuler as he scored on a breakaway layup. Shuler hit both free throws, and suddenly the Mustangs were down by six, and Chapman took it from there.
The Mustangs committed 15
turnovers in the game.
“We were playing a quicker team,” Beason said, “and we made some poor decisions on passes. We were a little bit careless.”
Stuart Thomas scored a game-high 27 points and grabbed nine rebounds for the Mustangs.
On Saturday, the Mustangs lost to to Cal State Dominguez Hills 58-56.
Beason said his team’s play improved from Friday night, but it wasn’t enough.
“Dominguez played a super game,” Beason said.
Coby Naess led the Mustangs with 18 points, while Cal State Dominguez Hills’ Raymond Bennett scored a game-high 26 points.
The Mustangs are now 13-6 overall, 3-3 in the CCAA.
The Mustangs have eight games remaining in the CCAA regular season — three at home and five away.
“It’s an uphill fight from now on,” Beason said.
Getting along swimmingly...
M*mb«r« of Cal Poly’a woman’s swim taam prapara to raca against Cal Stata Bakarsfiald at tha outdoor pool bahind Mott Qym. Cal Poly swimmar Claira Foatar and divar Qina Scott wara among winnars at Friday’s maat.
TIM KESSCLaiNOMutMng Dally
Harter is not spoiled by coaching success
By Heather Dowling
staff Writef _______________________
After winning eight straight Division II national titles, the Cal Poly head coach for women’s cross country said that his team is one of the top 10 programs in the United States.
Lance Harter — who was recently named as an assistant coach to the U.S. women’s track and field team for the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona — also led his track team to a national championship last year, and five of the past nine years.
Harter said this success could not have been possible without the right recruiting.
“I think the reason we’ve had successful recruiting is that we have gone after a certain type of athlete that fits our personality as a coaching staff,” Harter said. “When you have both the athlete and the coach on the same wavelength, and have the same drive to be successful, then most likely the two of them are going
to be compatible and work together at achieving the goals for the athlete.”
Harter, who believes he is the first Division II coach named to the Olympic team, said that he has always been motivated to do the best job he can.
“Being a democratic type of presenter as a coach makes for a lot more work,” Harter said. “It’s a lot easier to be just totally autocratic.”
Not only is Harter concerned about the athlete on the track, but off the track as well. “1 think
rm still the same guy, I just get an extra pair of sweats that say U.S.A. on the back.
— Lance Harter
“I was taught ever since I was young to — whatever I do — do a good job,” he said.
Harter, who is in his 11th year coaching at Cal Poly, takes a humanistic approach to coaching, which makes it more difficult for him.
that is one of *he reasons for our success,” he said.
Becoming an assistant coach for the 1992 Olympics has not changed his responsibilities at Cal Poly, or himself.
“I’m still the same guy, I just get an extra pair of sweats that
say U.S.A. on the back,” he said.
Harter’s position as an Olympic coach has already started. He has such responsibilities as paperwork and phone contacts. He will also travel to international competitions in an attempt to establish solid relations between athletes and the 1992 Olympic coaching staff.
“So when we go to Spain, we’re one solid identity. They know who we are, we know who they are, and we’re comfortable with each other,” Harter said.
After the Olympics, Harter plans to continue coaching at Cal Poly, even though he has had many other offers.
“There are very few jobs I’d even consider,” he said. “We (my family and 1) are very content here.”
Harter finds Cal Poly to be a beautiful place to recruit, due to the unique blend of academics first and athletics second — a philosophy that is not necessarily practiced in a lot of universities across the United States.
Family
Fun
Fair
Corner of Foothill and Santa Rosa with over 50 Pinball and Video Games!!
T AX I
Pizza* Calzone «Salads
-DELIVERS-
545-TAXI
Monday, Jan. 29, 1990 Mustang Daily
COMPUTERS
j SALAD BAR r: $5.9S] 13 RIB DINNER $7.95 !
I	970	I
Sun.-Thurs.
Discover Kinko's
Color Copies While You Wait!
\X hen you need more than black and while for your presentation, come to Kinko’s for affordable color copies or transparencies
kinkoT
the copy center
973 Foothill Blvd.
543-0771

From page 1
Bernard Strickmeier, coordinator of the single subject credential program that trains students to teach at the high school level.
Strickmeier, a mathematics professor, said the state Commission on Teacher Credentials sets a limit on the number of hours that can be required for a clear credential. Therefore, he said, increasing requirements is difficult.
“Whenever you increase requirements in one area, you have to reduce in other areas,” he said. “You can’t just add hours and hours.”
Bernard Troy, coordinator of the master’s degree program in computer-based education, said Cal Poly could “ask students to get better in technology,” but that they also could be asked to get better in a lot of areas.
“Teaching students to deal with multi-ethnic and bilingual groups are priorities, too,” he said. “Schools and teachers also have to meet needs they never had before, such as dealing with drugs, abused kids and latch-key kids. We could demand a lot more of everything.”
“There’s a lot of things you have to balance, and there’s also a practical limit,” said Strickmeier. “You don’t want to make the program too much of a hassle by having students needing to spend five years or more to graduate.”
“We’re doing a pretty good job,” said Ken Palmer, interim head of the education department. “1 feel our students are coming out with enough skill to appropriately integrate
technology in the classroom.”
Lucy Falcon, currently working toward her master’s degree in education at Cal Poly, disagrees.
Falcon received a liberal studies degree from Cal Poly in 1986. She said that the liberal studies program, which is designed to prepare students to teach at the elementary school level, didn’t train her enough to use computers in the classroom.
“In my first year of teaching, I had a computer in my room and I didn’t know what to do with it,” she said. “Now I’m learning — two years after I started teaching.
“Two (computer) courses is adequate for the clear credential, but one should be required for undergraduates,” said Falcon. It would have been more of a use to me and given me more understanding on how to use it in theclassroofn.”
Nulman said another problem is that no one in the teacher education faculty has really discussed what computer applications are appropriate for classroom instruction. Nulman added that most committees, such as the single- and multiple-subject credential committees, have never addressed the issue.
“There’s no perception that there’s a need for change,” Nulman said. “The people responsible have no interest in changing it, so they leave it up to the individual teachers to do what they want with their courses.”
Nulman said this lack of consensus leads to a lack of consistency in what is taught to the students.
“Two	students will	take	the
same class with different teachers, and	the	two will	come	out
with very different levels of skill to use technology in K-12 classrooms,” he said.
Jeff Weit, a teacher at Shan-don Elementary School and currently working for his clear credential at Cal Poly, agrees.
“There are major differences between	ED	380X classes,	and
the difference is in the instructor,” said Weit, who is taking ED 380X with Professor Pat Mulligan. “I have friends who have taken the class with other instructors and said it was a joke. They’d just review basic software	for	Apples,	IBMs	and
Macintoshs, and after an hour everyone would go home and get an A.
“One friend of mine said to me, ‘1 took the class and they told me 1 was computer literate, but there was no way 1 would have felt comfortable even turning on a computer in a classroom.’ ”
Palmer, who has served as department head since Jan. 1, said no one has complained to him about differences in how ED 380X is taught.
“This is completely new to me,” he said.
Palmer said that each course has an outline that summarizes common learning objectives and that each instructor must base how he or she teaches that course on that outline.
“If students have concerns about how someone is teaching a class. I’d hope they’d share them with me or share them with the instructor,” he said.

New offices to house Public Safety Dept.
Brandon K. F^ngle
staff Wrttar
Cal Poly’s Plant Operations was honored Friday with a “Thank You” party for building new offices for the Public Safety Department.
“They did such a good job we just decided that we would thank them,” said Richard C. Brug, director of Public Safety.
These new administrative offices, adjacent to the firc/police station, will house the director of Public Safety, a conference room, a lab and clerical offices. The existing police station is scheduled to be remodeled, leaving more room for the police and parking officals. Dispatch has been moved to the back of the old building, enabling the front olTice to be dedicated entirely to parking and
non-emergency business. The new offices give Public Safety more room for equipment and personnel. It also enables staff members to have their own offices, thus avoiding the unproductive overcrowding that has been prevalent.
The front counter is entirely staffed by students and will be open Mondays through Fridays Sec NF.W OFFICES, page 8
c a I t f o r n I a
Engineering
Graduates
March 5th Campus Interviews
Bechtel Corporation, a Worldwide Engineering and Construction firm, will be interviewing the following majors for graduate positions in Lois Angeles and San Francisco:
Electrical. Mechanical, Architectural and Architectural Engineering (Structural), for positions in design, process and systems engineering; Construction Management and Civil for cost planning and scheduling engineering. Co-op positions are available in Los Angeles for Mechanical and Electrical engineering students.
Bechtel provides premier technical and management services to industries such as electrical power, petroleum, refinery and chemical, environmental and transportation.
For more information, contact your placement office or;
Bechtel Corp.
College Emp. 4J-4 12440 E. Imperial Hwy. Norwalk. CA 90650
An equal opportunity employer
Mustang Daily Monday, Jan. 29, 1990	7
OMEDY
rotn page 1
roup performs at two San Luis bispo clubs, Brubeck’s and K.’s West Indies Bar. Shows ^re free, but the group asks for a onation of non-perishable food r money for the food bank.
Loose Change was formed for a ause, but many of the members ee that as an added benefit to he opportunity to perform.
1 get to perform my comedy iih the group up on stage and e also feel we are benefiting ome people less fortunate than s” said Matthew White, a Cal oly speech communications ma-or. “It’s kind of a two for one
thing,’’ .
Cathy Barlow, a Cuesta drama student, said her motivation to join an improvisational comedy group came from her desire to act and her love for comedy.
“Improvisational comedy is something that makes you think,’’ she said.“It makes you explore everything you have in your mind.’’
Other members of the group include John Hamilton, Jennifer Fraley, Sarah Brown, Jennifer Johnson, Micheál Toles, Glen Starkey and Tom Fundero.
Passarelli especially has put his talent and passion to work to
help make life a little easier for those less fortunate.
“There is no greater thrill than hearing a bunch of people laugh,’’ said Passarelli, adding, “There is a power in it when you hit the comedy button.”
Being a hunger activist since 1984, he first got involved during a low period in his own life. “Sometimes the best way to help yourself out of a situation,” Passarelli said, “is to help someone else.
“1 have a comedy mind,” he added, “and 1 always thought that if you came up with a way to have fun, yet educate people
at the same time, you’ve got something that will last.”
Finding something that lasts is necessary for the Food Bank Coalition, said Don Jacobs, the organization’s executive director. “The Food Bank has different sources of funds. One is governmental funds which are always temporary at best and to be able to sustain operation ... we need other sources.” He said the public was one of those sources.
Passarelli agreed. “As time goes on, you can expect less help from the government,” he said. “History has already proved that. It’s up to ... (us as) in-
dividuals in our own area.”
The Food Bank Coalition of San Luis Obispo has been operating for one year. Jacobs said its purpose is to buy food in large quantities to distribute through non-profit organizations in the county. These include The Salvation Army, Grass Roots II and l.oaves and Fishes. The monthly $10,000 goal will operate and supply the warehouse.
“If all it takes is writing a little $5 check once a month by 1 percent of the population, why not?” said Passarelli.“Why can’t we do that?”
lassìfìed

:«i

"'T’
•• CAL POLY ACCOUNTING CLUB*
Come learn about the profession.
Meets Tuesday 11:00am,Bus Bldg 214 NEW MEMBERS ALVWYS WELCOMEJ_
* PENGUINS*
POW-WOW TONITE
{ Top-secret updates on cycle-x,
' Streeter pokerrun.&upcoming races I mucho refreshmentos&complimentary seating'Flscher Sci 287 8pm___
JACKSON HOLE!
Ski Club, spring break, $350,
deposit due Jan.8 UU10-2M-F
Mandatory Rec Admin, students meeting Mon. Jan 28 8-10pm Building 52-B5
PHI SIGMA KAPPA ~ IS looking for a few good men. For details 756-3481 '549 0680
SFTE
SOCIETY OF FLIGHT ENGINEERS MON 7PM SCIENCE A12 GUEST SPEAKER FROM EDVWVRDS ALL WELCOME	_____
The primary objective of the Gays Lesbians & Bisexuals United is to provide services, resources and support that will foster an awareness Aunderstandina of self worth dignity & identity GLBU seeks to inform all on the diverse gay and lesbian lifestyles PLEASE JOIN US EACH TUESDAY 7PM FOB24B
Announcements
CRAFT CLASSES
Still Open Bike repair, wood work SAW Photo.Stained glass.Flowers.
Tie Die.Sewing-- UU Craft Center
Make a difference in a childs life by volunteering at TRANSITIONS INFO MTG 1 30 at 11 00 in the Student Life & Activities Office m the UU
Mustang Daily Classifieds
HAS A CONVENIENT DROP BOX LOCATED AT THE U U INFO DESK THE ADS WILL BE PICKED UP EACH DAY AT 10AM
WIN!!!
A DINNER FOR TWO AT DAVINCIS RESTAURANT
MUSTANG DAILY CLASSIFIEDS IS HAVING A SPECIAL VALENTINES DRAWING-PUT YOUR LOVE IN PRINT IN OUR SPECIAL FEBRUARY 14TH ISSUE AND YOU AUTOMATICALLY OUALIFY!
LOOK FOR OUR SPECIAL ’ REO ’ FORMS IN THE UU OR AT THE MUSTANG DAILY GRAPHIC ARTS 226 FORMS ALSO AVAILABLE PERIODICALLY
IN THE PAPER DEADLINE FEB.7
RAQUETBALL
Tournament, Singles & Doubles Sal i Sun Feb 3*4 at the Cal Poly RB courts Sign up at Rec Sports 756-1366 Deadlines IS Thurs Feb 1st
ALPHA CRISIS PREGNANCY CENTER 24-HR LIFELINE 541-3367 FREE PREGNANCY TEST A FRIEND FOR LIFE
ATTENTION LADIES OF POLY & CUESTA! Tired of the same old (read immature ) guys'^lnterested in somelhing/one other than empty keg/leg'^ SWM 31 life-long clean and sober, getting it to-gether-but I'm not loo together or apart-or old-to be out of it I m a fun-and sports-loving N County resident also interested in movies, theater, and dancing and NOT in boozing and using Need shoulder to lean on an ear to talk to. a study-buddy (heck, a B A. cum laude must know some-thing')'> I m your friend-to-be And if It develops into something more, you could do worse Write box t6l5 Paso Robles 93447
Ore^News
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE NEWLY INITIATED SIGMA CHI LITTLE SISTERS YOU GIRLS DID GREAT'
DELTA SIGMA PHI SPRING RUSH 90
Tues 6 Monte Carlo II 7 00pm Wed 7 Slide & heritage 7 30pm Thur 8 Kona s Comedy 7 00pm Sat 10 Rib & Chicken BBQ noon Sun 11 Dinner Smoker 6 00pm Mon 12 Interviews w Appt TBA All Events at 244 Calif. 543-9818
DON T MISS OUT'
DELTA TAU RUSH
it!
PIKE RUSH JUST DO IT
Entertainment
Games A Comics- the largest selection of games for gamers New comics m every Friday morning Games People Play 1060 Broad St. 546-8447
Lost & Found
FOUND- black umbrella m Math Home Economics Bldg on Jan t6
543-5049
LOST LENS
50mm PENTAX lens Please call David at 549-0862
Ram jacket found on Jan 11 in Fisher Sci foyer call to ID Eric 544-7753
Attention-HIRINGIGovernment jobs-your area $17.840-$69.485 Call 1-602-838-8885 EXT R 8204
Attention EARN MONEY READING BOOKS!$32.000/year income potential Details.! 1)602-838-8885 ext.Bk8204______________________
CASH for Cassettes-CDs-LPs-VGs Cheap Thrills & Recycled Records 785 Marsh SLO 544-0686
Earn S2.000-S4000 Searching for employment that permits working your own hours, but still challenging enough for your entrepreneurial skills? Manage programs for Fortune 500 Companies Earn $2.000 to $4.000 Call 1 -800 Call 1-800-932-0528 ext 1-800-950-8472 ext 3013___________
SUB-Comics. Games & Posters at 783 Marsh pays cash for used comics & related items 541-3735
FAST QUALITY SERVICE MACINTOSH LASER PRINTER - LAURA-549-8966
~PROTy1>E Cali Patty'M4-178^3 ^ Senior Proj & More-Laser Printer
R&R Word Processing RONA 544-2591
Laser Printer Student Rates. By Aoot
Emptoyment
Dir Teacher Jewish Preschool M-F 8 30am-2;30pm begin $9 90 resume Beth David Preschool 2932 Augusta St San Luis Obispo 93401
GOVERNMENT JOBS $16 040 -$59.230 yr Now Hiring Call (1) 805-687-6000 Ext R-10081 for current federal list
It s no secret Alaskian fishermen in Alaska make BIG bucks and Univ of Washington students in Seattle are getting most of the jobs Here s how where and tor who & inside tips to get you started Send $10 to Alaska Opportunities PO Box 278 Alleghany OR 97407 Don t delay Applications for this summer should be in ASAP'
MCAT Instructor. Natl Test Prep Co Teach Our Into Pn Campus 685-5767
TRAVELERS The ASl Travel Center IS looking for travel counselors Inquire in ASl Business Office-UU212_____________________________
TRAVELERS The ASl Travel Center IS looking for travel counselors Inquire in ASl Business Office UU212
Summer management internship interviews now taking place Gam valuable expenerKe managing a team of employees.customers ar>d suppliers Successful applicants will undergo extensive training Average summer earnings range $6-10 OOO call 'student painters' for information 1-800-426-6441
IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN BECOMING A RESIDENT ADVISOR IN ONE OF THE CAL POLY RESIDENCE HALLS JOIN US AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION SESSIONS
FEBRUARY 5 7 PM SEQUOIA HALL 9 PM YOSEMITE HALL
FEBRUARY 6 7 PM MUIR HALL 9 PM SANTA LUCIA HALL
FEBRUARY 7 7 PM TENAYA HALL 9 PM SIERRA MADRE HALL
FEBRUARY 12 7 PM FREMONT HALL 9 PM TRINITY HALL
FEBRUARY 13 7 PM YOSEMITE HALL 9 PM SEQUOIA HALL
FEBRUARY 14 7 PM MUIR HALL 9 PM FREMONT HALL
FEBRUARY 15 7 PM SIERRA MADRE HALL 9 PM TRINITY HALL
LAST CHANCE SESSION WEDNESDAY FEBRUARY 28 7 PM SIERRA MADRE HALL
IF YOU WOULD LIKE MORE INFORMATION CALL THE RESIDENT STUDENT DEVELOPMENT OFFICE AT 756-3396
ftkq»ds& Cycles
Want to spend the summer m the High Sierras working with children-Walton s Grizzly Lodge Summer Camp IS interviewing lor counseling positions. Write Bob Stem 4009 Sheridan Ct Auburn CA 95603-Phone (916) 823-9260
THE RA EXPERIENCE
WANTED:Forty-five motivated enthusiastic and energetic Cal Poly students to be Resident Advisors for the 1990-91 academic year This one year leadership opportunity is open to Cal Poly students who are ready to learn about themselves and to give to others Skill development Deludes advisirtg public speaking small group communications.limit setting, and prog'ammmg Compensation irKludes room and board For more information contact the Resident Student Development Office at extension 3396
9 LONGBOARD shaped by Robert August of Endless Summer fame Redwood stringer.fin & tail block First $250 takes it John 756-1143
F(or Sale
1979 Honda Civic Clean and run good asking 13CX) 544-6897
Lift Ticket to Alpine Meadows $25 Call Stew at 544-7566
SKIERS-ONLY SKIED 1 2 DAY-NEW K2 5500 W SOL BINDINGS $250-SIZ10 NORDICA BOOTS $50 542-9509
PSST. C^LV\^(7^ DID IS TXt Ç0^sr MOW GO Cl£AR?
OWHO' '(OOR
Mows Coming BACK.'
f? "
TUERt SWt \S .' ST Ai TMtBOX. QÜ1S .' KEEP
bluets')
5MU'>—
'82 YAMAHA VIRAGO 750cc 9.7K/mi. 5990 481-9715
Bikes?Repaire(J
541-6596__I__________
PARAMOUNT
58cm.GOOD CONDITION LOTS XTRAS $900 ALSO THULE RACKS 4BK 3SKI $150 CALL JEFF 543-1554
Automoblies
72 Custom' Datsun 510-Rblt Eng, Just Tuned Runs Well. Stereo $1400 OBO Call Jamal 544-5238
Roommates^
2-roomates needed at Cedar Creek $275 ea First * last deposit negotiable pool laun'rec on site Call evenings at 549-8129
FEMALE ROOMMATE
Own room m two bedroom house-
horse pasture included dogs ok'
$275/mo call now 541-2409
FM RMMT 2SHR Needed Spring Quarter 240 MO &util Cedar Creek Condos Can 546-9083
male non-smoker take over lease share bdrm, apt close to Poly.
$242 50 mo 544-1261 ___
Shared room. 1 3ulilities.water paid 210 month.close to Poly, covered garage.fan roommates. Tina 545-8564
Rental Housing -
NS male to share condo own room wsh&dry Pinecreek condos $295 541-4936
Homes for Sale
AAA'BEST PRICED CONDOS & HOMES LISTED FREE INFORMATION PACKET AVAILABLE ON CAMPUS CALL MARGUERITE CENTURY 21 541-3432
BUYING A HOUSE OR CONDO? for FREE LIST of ALL Least Expensive Houses &condos in SLO call STEVE NELSON 543-8370 & Lv messg Farrel Smyth R E
Business
Directory
LHtoUSMMRVICE
For Any Special Occasion
PACIFIC COAST LIMOUSINE SLO 541-9201 North County 434-t544
RESUMES 3
JOB-WINNING
RESUMES!
Written by a MarKeting Professional who knows how to sell your skills and get that interview' Call NOW!
773-1615. leave message
KIMKH'Q POPIPQ
ASK ABOUT OUR RESUME PACKAGE!! OPEN 24 HOURS! 543-0771
SECOND EDITION COPY CENTER UU
Resumes $19 95 Placemi Center Forms
WET SUITS ^
BAJA BOBS WET SUIT REPAIR
PYROSYK WETSUIT 481-4683
TYPWG
CONSHA S OFFICE SUPPLY
TYPING $1 50 PER PAGE 773-5851
MASTERS THESES - LINDA BLACK
544-1305 466-0687.927-0369
8 Monday, Jan. 29, 1990 Mustang Daily
NEW OFFICES CONFERENCE
From page 6
from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m.
All work on the new offices and the police station was done by Plant Operations.
“This is all in-house work,” said Brug of the remodeled warehouse.
Plant Operations ' provides maintenance and does small construction for the campus.
The job was to remodel an existing warehouse.
Drafting Technician Rex Wolf, a 1978 Cal Poly architecture graduate, was put in charge of developing the plans for the project.
“Normally something like this you would see done by contractor,” said Wolf.
The warehouse was vacated by Foundation, which moved to a new building near the poultry unit.
The project took about four months to complete and cost Public Safety $40,000. The rest of the building still exists as a warehouse and is being used by the housing department for storage.
There wasn’t “a whole lot to start with,” said Plant Operations carpenter Leonard Hall.
Hall and co-workers Clancy Armstrong and Pat Griffen did most of the “master work,” said Brug.
All the plumbers, carpenters, electricians and others from Plant Operations did all of the work, making this one of the campus’s biggest projects.
The landscaping around the building was done by Cal Poly groundskeepers.
There are plans to install rest rooms and more mezzanine space for storage in the old warehouse.
From page 3
cessfui, it may become an annual event, said Hughes.
The HRM concentration is still relatively new and small,” said Bradbury. “And 1 think it was important to bring these businessmen to students, and also to inform other business students what the concentration is about.”
Free to all students, the conference focuses on personnel relations and will feature three keynote speakers and six panel discussions, led by Cal Poly alumni and businesspeople from throughout California.
Jan Duffy, professor of business law at Cal Poly, will discuss legal issues in the 1990s.
Harry Wilson, vice president of administration in the Applied Technology Division of Litton Industries, will examine cor-
porate restructuring. James Linhart, district sales manager in Southern California for Eastman Kodak, will cover the history and potential of human resource management.
Workshop topics will include innovative benefits for the 1990s; office politics:	managing the
workplace; employee stress; how to get the most out of employees; the legalities of hiring and firing; and the growing pains of expanding businesses.
Conference participants will include representatives from San Luis Obispo County, Dart Marketing Associates, Seagate Technology, Sun Microsystems and J.C. Penney.
The final day to sign up is Wednesday in the Dean’s Office, located in the Business Administration and Education Building
Couple has ‘wet wedding;’ exchanges vows in Jacuzzi
FREMONT (AP) — Bill Henin and Susan Davis exchanged wedding vows in front of family and friends, but instead of standing at the altar, they were thigh-deep in a steamy, 110-degree hot tub.
“We wanted it to be something special we can look back on and giggle about,” Heflin said about the Saturday ceremony under a gazebo behind his home about 25 miles southeast of San Francisco.
Instead of a tuxedo, the 39-year-old Heflin wore a suit coat, T-shirt and cut-off suit pants. The bride donned a cream-colored blouse, a flowered hairpiece and the bottom half of a silk sari over Lycra shorts.
“1 wanted to be formal from the waist up, informal from the
waist down,” said Davis, 35.
Adding to the atmosphere were fragrant gardenias floating on top of the swirling hot tub water, rock music and the wedding march daringly played on a harmonica by one of Davis’ daughters, 9-year-old Jamie.
Thé approximately 40 relatives and friends attending the wedding went with the flow, so to speak.
“I thought that maybe he’d lost his marbles,” said Fay Bryan of Oregon, the bride’s mother. “I think it’s going to be great for her though.”
Davis agreed, with one reservation: “Yes, it was great, except for the part where I almost fell over” in the freshly waxed hot tub.
ONE DOLLAR CX)UP0N
GOOD TOWARDS PURCHASE OF...
Kodalux or Qualex COLOR
Develop and Print Film Processing
PRESENT AT TIME OF PURCHASE
EICbnoJ IBookstoie
QUALEX OR KODALUX
ONE COUPON PER ITEM no cash value
Offer valid only with coupon GOOD THROUGH Feb. 3,1990

M.
As always? 2nd set FREE on COLOR Develop and Printi
FLUS...
ONE
DOLLAR OFF
ONE DOLLAR OFF,
At time of purchase with couponj
California Polytechnic State University
AlexanderThe Great
He Didnt
Have Much Experience
Either.
By age 30, Alexander the Great had conquered the known world. But it wasn't his resume that led him to victory. Instead, he possessed the ambition and perseverance of a dynamic leader.
At Watkins-Johnson, it's that combination that drives our team to the fbrefiont of the elearonics industry. With over $292,000,000 In sales last year, we continued to excel in the design and manufacture of microwave components and systems. 1989 also brought the introduaion of over 115 new products used in a wide range of defense; communications and commercial applications.
And now, as we sharpen our focus on the future; we look to today's Alexanders. They are the energetic
SOFTWARE
ENGINEERS
WEitklns-Jdhnson will be on campus Tuesday, February 6
academic achievers excited by hands-on responsibility and hard-hitting impaa early in their careers. If you have what it takes to start out, stand out and forge ahead, Watkins-Johnson wants to talk with you.
We currently have openings for recent grads with a BS, MS, or PhD and an interest in Software engineering. Positions are available in our Palo Alto, San ]ose; and Scotts Valley, CA facilities.
Please contact your Placement Center for more information. Or, call Michael Avina at (415) 493-4141, ext. 2114. Watkins-Johnson Company, 3333 Hillview Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304. An equal opportunity employer m/f/h/v.
ouJ
WATKINS JOHNSON