CALIFORNIA POLYTECHNIC STATE (JNIVERSITY SAN LUIS OBISPO
Musing Daiiy
VOLUME 56, NO. 20 ★ Wednesday, October 23, 1991

•'É
University of Northern Iowa professor Bob Gish has accepted the position of director of the ethnic studies program at Cal F^ly.
AS I names task force
ASI has announced the members of the IRA Referendum Task Force. The task force’s goal is to educate students about the upcoming sports referendum. Bruce Sherman, ASI marketing coordinator, is the group’s chairman. TTie 10-member student group meets every Thursday until the November election, Sherman said.
Other members include: Bart Walker, recommended by the agribusiness department; Chris Frotinger, recommended by the statistics department; Dyana Wong, a home economics senior who volunteered for the group; Gabe Joynt, ASI Finance Committee member; Joe LaRosa, recommended by the agribusiness department; Kristin Burnett, a member of the ASI Executive Staff; Margaret Mitchell, a Poly women’s basketball player; Rex Smith, recommended by the business department; and Tim Kraus, a former member of the Poly Royal Board.
IRA REFERENDUM TASK FORCE
Bruce Sherman, Chairman
ASI Marketing Coordinator
Bart Walker
Agribusiness Department
Chris Frothinger
Statistics Department
Dyana Wong
Home Economcs major Gabe Joynt ASI Student Relations
Joe LaRosa
Agribusiness major
Kristin Burnett Member of IRA Board
Margaret Mitchell
Member of Block P Tim Kraus
Former member of Poly Royal Board
Rex Smith
Business department
Iowa professor hired as director of ethnic studies
Scholar/writer to implement Poly program
By Carolyn E. Nielsen
Staff Writer____________________
After a nationwide search. Cal Poly has hired a director for its ethnic studies program.
Bob Gish, an English professor from the University of Northern Iowa, was selected from three finalists and has accepted an offer to fill the new position on campus.
“He is really philosophically committed to this program. He was my personal choice of the three candidates interviewed. He is an excellent teacher and a University Distinguished Scholar in Iowa,” said Sidney Ribeau, dean of the School of Liberal Arts.
In a telephone interview from Cedar Falls, Iowa, Gish said he has written three analytic-style history books, one literary biography, one volume of short fiction and “literally hundreds” of articles for publications such as the Los Angeles Times and the Chicago Tribune. His specialty fields are American, ethnic and American Indian literature.
Gish is a Cherokee/Choctaw Native American who grew up in New Mexico. He said he accepted the position partially because he had “been homesick for the West for a long time,” and because he
likes San Luis Obispo.
Gish said he is looking forward to implementing the new program. “TTie university needs to move ahead on an ethnic studies program,” he said.
“They made me an offer I couldn’t refuse,” he said of his tenured, full-professor position.
Ribeau said Cal Poly wanted to hire Gish full-time when he was here last winter and spring quarters as a visiting scholar.
“He was on leave, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to leave his job in Iowa to come here and start something totally new,” he said.
Gish said about resigning from Iowa after 25 years of teaching, “I had mixed feelings about it. It’s one of those bittersweet things, but I’m up to the challenge.”
Gish accepted the offer at the beginning of October and will start his new position in January.
Willi Coleman, director of the Center for Women and Ethnic Issues, served on the interviewing committee along with two students and four professors.
“I was impressed with the fact that he (Gish) exhibited interest in ethnicity,” Coleman said. “I would like to see the university commit itself.
“We behave as though ethnicity is something foreign to us.”
Coleman said most universities require an ethnic studies course as part of their general education requirements.
Cal Poly is the only California State University school that does not offer a minor, major or concentration in ethnic studies, Ribeau said.
The resolution passed by the Academic Senate endorses an improved ethnic studies program. It will be a long while, however, before courses become required due to the laborious curriculum-change process, Ribeau said.
Gish’s duties as director will include identifying funding for new ethnic studies programs and locating money for seed (privately funded) grants, providing support for faculty in developing new courses in the area, developing a cultural diversity lecture series, acting as a liaison with other campuses and perhaps setting up a visiting scholar program.
“What I want to do is reconcile differences,” Gish said. “I’m ready to move forward on an ethnic studies program.”
Ribeau said the number of classes offered (currently two: Sec DIRECTOR, page 7
Ex-Poly teacher dies of leukemia
Engineering professor served university for 21 years
By Allison Bo.sselmann
Staff Writer
A former Cal Poly civil and environmental engineering professor died Monday night after a two-year battle with leukemia.
Yugoslavia-born Dragoslav Misic began his career at Cal Poly 21 years ago. He retired from teaching this fall and died in French Hospital Medical Center one week after being admitted.
One of Misic’s colleagues, professor Harold Cota, said Misic contributed greatly to the department.
“He was responsible for the development of the water pollution control class in the department, and that is quite a unique accomplishment,” Cota said.
Misic had been in and out of the hospital for the past two years, and Cota said the therapy appeared to be helping. “Last year he was all ready to teach fall classes,” Cota said.
Cota said Misic appreciated the support and generosity the Cal Poly faculty displayed during his illness. Every faculty member has a certain number of sick days available to them and Misic needed more than those allotted, Cota said.
Faculty members from many departments on campus, even those Misic did not know personally, had contributed their sick days so he could receive pay during his prolonged illness. Cota said Misic was touched by their contributions.
“He was very well-liked by the Cal Poly community,” Cota said. “He was a very friendly and optimistic person. Even down to the very last ...he was optimistic.”
Misic is survived by his wife, Mira, and two children. His son attends medical school in Chicago and his daughter is in the sixth grade at a local junior high school.
There will be two services held in his memory — one in


JL
'ILE PHOTiO
Dragoslav Misic
Chicago and another on Saturday, Nov. 9 at 1 p.m. at the United Methodist Church. Cota said former students, faculty and colleagues will establish a scholarship in Misic’s memory.
Registration...
Winter CAPTURE schedules are now available. Registration begins OcL 30 and ends Dec. 6. Winter quarter begins Monday, Jan, 6,1992.
Insight...
Saddle up and ride! A Cal Poly program breeds, trains and sells thoroughbred horses for competition.
_______page 5____________
Thursday weathen
Mostly sunny after morning fog and clouds High: 70s Low: 60s Winds n.w. 15 mph 4 ft. seas 7 ft. n.w swells
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1991
Mustang Daily
EWorld ^Nation estate
Palestinians say they will support the PLO
CAIRO, Egypt (AP) — In moves bound to raise Israeli ire, Yasser Arafat has pledged an active PLO role at next week’s Mideast peace talks and the top Palestinian negotiator said his team won’t hesitate to openly back the PLO.
Their comments Monday — which threaten Israel’s demand for PLO exclusion from the talks — underscore the difficulty of making any sort of progress at a gathering that took months even to schedule.
Jesse Turner safe, healthy in Germany
WIESBADEN, Germany (AP) — Hundreds of Americans waving flags and banners today gave freed American hostage Jesse Turner a tumultuous welcome to Germany. A military spokesman said he appeared to be in good condition.
The 44-year-old Turner, who was released Monday after nearly five years in captivity in Lebanon.
Man jailed for trying to top cafe massacre
KILLEEN, Texas (AP) — A man rammed his pickup into a veterans hall after threatening to do violence worse than the Killeen cafeteria massacre, authorities said. No injuries were reported, and the man was in jail today.
Employees at the hall in Kemper said that when Daniel Bobb was asked to leave the place Thursday, he warned he would come back and the Killeen massacre “would be small compared with what he was going to do,” Sheriff Gordon Morris said.
Report says Gulf War has hurt Iraqi children
WASHINGTON (AP) — Tens of thousands of Iraqi children are at risk from malnutrition, contaminated drinking water and shortages of medical supplies following the Persian Gulf War, says a private report being released today.
The report by experts also found that infant and child mortality nearly quadrupled since the war’s end.
Oakland fire kills 14, destroys 1,800 homes
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — The city raised to at least 1,800 its estimate of the number of houses destroyed by a brush fire that left at least 14 people dead and reduced neighborhoods in Oakland and Berkeley to smoking ruins.
The Red Cross said Monday night that it surveyed 55 percent of the burned area on foot and counted 1,800 houses and 442 apartment units destroyed.
Hotline worker’s plea of insanity unproven
SACRAMENTO (AP) — A Superior Court jury has decided that former suicide hotline volunteer Frank Snyder was sane when he tried to murder a chronic caller.
The jury Monday rejected Snyder’s claim that a longstanding mental illness affected his notions of right and wrong.
Snyder, 29, admitted the Feb. 12 attack on Benjamin Carlson, 52, who suffered cut wrists and a slit throat.

Students need to improve relations with residents
By Joshua Eaton
ASI Student Relations
When asked to give his views on the disruptions caused by more than 300 students on Murray Street Oct. 27, Darryl Gutiarez, a senior math student, said, “Well, I don’t care. I don’t live there.” This comment is, however, not surprising. In fact, 98 percent of San Luis Obispo students, those not directly involved with the disruptions, feel the same way. It is impor-tant to understand See ASI, page 8
...we're ready and waiting!
to reserve your k Halloween costume.
We hove a huge selection of Adult & Kid's Costumes. We've doubled our inventory of accessories and make-up for oil your party and costume needs.
SALES and RENTALS
984 Chorro DOWNTOWN
San Luis Obispo
544-2373
alié trié] beliere I owe it all to
Faster than the fastest Mac. Faster e\en than the fastest4Mh IK).
The NcYlstation'“ computer delivers the power of a IINIX” workstation—but its actually easier to use than any other desktop computer.
Its far easier to look at, too.'I'he hi^ 17"ultra-hi^h-resolution Me^^aPixel Display is standard etjuipment. .And w ith a single imaging system for both the screen and the printer, you get a true “\\liat-Y)u-See-Is-\MiaD()u-(jet" image with type that is always sharp.
Fhis is the technology that's inspired the most popular names in software to create their hottest applications, like I .otus" Improx,'“ WordPerfect' and ■Adobe' Illustrator.'“
W ith SMB of memory, a lO.S.MB hard disk and a 2.SSMIi Hopp\ drive (w hich can read and \v rite 1 )()S), the NeVIstation is a lot more computer than any comparably pricetl machine.
.So stop in for a firsthand look at the N'cYlstation computer. Before vou waste another nanosecond.
EICbrralE:y^!l Bookstore
Computer Department: 756-5311
L.T., Los Anjieles
And Our GMAT, GRE and MCAT Courses Get Rave Reviews, Too!
It Is Time To Prepare For The Upcoming December LSAT, GRE, The January GMAT And The April MCAT!
It’s Kaplan for preparation for the LSAT, GMAT, GRE and MCAT too! Free diagnostic tests, specialized courses to help you with all the skills and strategies you need to succeed, plus an "advance look" at exam-type questions before you face them. And Much, Much More! It is time to prepare NOW!
Don't miss Kaplan's Scorefest!
Look for the Kaplan Owl on your campus or a Kaplan rep wearing our T-Shirt!
aill*KWT FOR MORE INFOmiN
STANLEY H. KAPLAN Educational Center Ltd.
'|W| \fVI (xtmpuicf, liH I hr Sc\ I logo i% i rcgivtcred tfjJtmifk, NeVI jnd ScVImíImhi jrc ifidcnurkv «4 Nc\ I (^»mpurcf Itn \J<4k-»v j agivrcfcd iijiknurk of \d«4K‘Ssvicniv. Iih t Nl\ IN i fcgistffcd tridenurk of t NIX SsNtentx I .jhoriiorio All <Khcr iridcni^rkv ntcnlttHKul Ik knig (o fticir fcAiH.t tivc (Ouktv
Mustang Daily
Wednesday, October 23, 1991
Professor merges therapy with education
By Patricia Egan
Staff Writer
There is new help for people suffering from eating disorders at Cal Poly.
Kelly Moreno, a psychology and human development professor, is offering group therapy sessions for eating disorder patients beginning Thursday.
The group sessions will be held during a class in group therapy counseling which is taught by Moreno to students seeking their master’s degrees in counseling psychology.
Moreno’s hope is that the group will promote the recovery of clients as well as the ability of his students to work with eating disorder patients.
“I wanted to run a live group so students could benefit,” Moreno said.
Moreno said he wants to conduct the group so the patients’
needs take precedence.
“Their needs and confidentiality come first. Teaching comes second,” Moreno said.
Moreno said the patients will receive free group counseling — a service that would cost $20 to $30 on the private level — in exchange for being observed by use of a one-way mirror during his counseling class.
Moreno feels Cal Poly, as well as the city of San Luis Obispo, are in desperate need of counseling services for people suffering from eating disorders.
“If there wasn’t a need on campus, I wouldn’t be doing this,” Moreno said.
“This whole community is understaffed,” Moreno said. “I can count the number of qualified professionals in the area on two fingers.”
Jim Aiken, associate director of Psychological Services on campus, said Moreno’s work comes at
a time when Elie Axelroth, a group therapy counselor of eating disordered patients for Psychological Services, is on a temporary leave from the university.
The idea to run a group therapy program for both the benefit of his students and patients is a combination of Moreno’s learning experience and previous work in group counseling.
Moreno’s idea stems from the work of psychologist Ervin Yalom, a famous Stanford University group counseling psychologist who originally demonstrated the benefits of group therapy.
In addition, Moreno worked at Cottage Hospital in Santa Barbara where his medical director conducted a similar situation in which Moreno participated as a student learning group therapy.
He said he hopes to run the
group through spring quarter and ideally he would like to keep it running indefinitely.
Group therapy is the best mode of counseling for people with eating disorders, Moreno said.
Psychological Services offers counseling for depression, anxiety, interpersonal problems and — least frequently — eating disorders.
Aiken said Psychological Services sees approximately 20 percent of the student population for counseling.
He said 7 percent of those seen are eating disorder patients.
Bulimics are more prevalently seen, he said.
Anorexia patients are the rarest patients .seen since those suffering from this eating disorder usually require medical attention before they seek psychological help, Aiken said.
Demographically, eating disorders affect mostly women, Moreno said. Only 3 to 5 percent of those affected are men, he said.
Moreno said the highest-risk groups are athletes, dancers, models and sorority members. Fie said dietitians and nutrition students are also high-risk groups.
“Just being female puts a person at risk,” Moreno said.
Anorexia on campus is estimated to affect 5 percent of the female population, and 20 percent are estimated to suffer from bulimia, Moreno said.
Moreno believes these statistics are low.
Moreno came to Cal Poly last year as a lecturer and is now a full-time professor.
Anyone interested in participating in the group therapy program should call Moreno at 756-2033.
HELP!
The IRA Referendum Task Force needs your questions and concerns regarding the Athletic Referendum that you will be voting on in November. We are in the process of assembling an information packet on Uie referendum and your input is essential in completing tlic d(Kumcnt. Write your questions down on the form below and deposit it in specially marked drop boxes located in the following places: I’he information desk at the Kennedy Library, I he Ag. Bridge, the information desk in the U.U., and in rtxim IHJ209.
PLEASE respond by FRIDAY (Xtober 25th.
Thank You for your support
RESERVE OFFICERS' TRAINING CORPS
START YOUR CUMB TO CAREER SUCCESS THIS SUMMER.
Apply now for six weeks of Army ROTC summer leadership training. With pay, without obligation.
You'll develop the discipline, self-confidence and decisiveness it takes to succeed in any career. And you’ll qualify to earn Army officer credentials while you’re completing your college studies.
Find out more. Contact Captain Ken Catello at Dexter Hall, Room 132, or call 756-7682/2769.
ARMY ROTO TWO-YEAR PROGRAM
nESMUIBTCOIUBE
COraSETODCUTUL
LOGAN
mat cutting demo with Ray Moore
EICbrral Bookstore
Learn everything you ever wanted to know about do-it-yourself mat cutting
Col Poly Ski Club
$100 Deposit Due
TOMORROW
for Whistler / Blackcomb


Calendars

S5TT~"
Opinión
Wetdnesday, October 23. 1991
Mustang Daily
Should there be stricter gun control laws in the U.S.?
PRO
By Jason Foster
Our foundinfi fathers drafted the Second Amendment to the Constitution to protect the country and its people.
They believed Americans in the 18th centuiy needed to possess arms for protection against government tyranny and to maintain local militias.
But the times and the needs of the country have changed. Too many guns are falling into criminal hands. TIk) many weapons wth the sole purpose to kill people quickly, efficiently and en masse are available — and being used. Too many people are dying.
The time is now for the country- and its people to get some protection from the instrument that once helped ensure their freedom.
Guns now are almost as ubiquitous as dirt. In 1989, U.S. gun manufacturers pumped out more than 4 million non-military pistols, revolvers, rifles and shotguns. Foreign manufactures imported thousands and thousands more.
In 25 states, a person can purchase a shotgun at a K-mart by simply plunking down the money and showng a driver’s licence. If the person wants a handgun, the license has to be from that state.
Guns are being ciimed not only by men and women, but by children as well. The Los Angeles Times in early October quoted an estimate that as many as 90,000 American schoolchildren carry guns to class every day.
These are signs that gun use is in desperate need of control and restriction. The extremely high volume and availability of weapons in the country has been instrumental in creating social problems and augmenting existing ones.
Many options exist that can effectively put gun use under control when used comprehensively.
•	Establishing waiting periods for handgun purchases. Waiting periods would allow police agencies to check the purchaser’s criminal and mental-health record and therefore keep guns out of the hands of people prohibited to carry them.
•	A ban on all assault rifles, pistols and large ammunition clips. These are measures that outgunned police agencies have been advocating for years. A ban on these items would make killing sprees like the one in Killeen, Texas almost impossible. It would also make them much harder for criminals and gangs to obtain.
•	Mandated safety features. Longer barrels would make guns harder to conceal. A ‘loaded chamber indicator” (which tells if the gun is loaded) would prevent accidental shootings. Combination locks would make it harder for criminals to use stolen firearms. These features are feasible with current technology.
Firearm advocates, however, say that these measures would be either ineffective or infringe on their rights. These arguments have all the power of a pop gun.
Gun control opponents say waiting periods would increase fraudulent gun transactions and transactions on the black market. These problems could be rectified by stricter and uniform punishment of gun traffickers.
Gun control opponents say banning assault rifles would be bad because there are legitimate uses for them. What legitimate uses do these things have? Uzis, AK-47s and MAC-lOs weren’t made to kill rabbits. And they’re overkill for home defense. They’re overkill period.
Gun control opponents say restricting purchases and ownership infringes on their rights, including their rights to protect themselves. That, however, is not the real reason most of them are concerned.
As Alan Farnham wrote in Fortune, “The average gun store patron owns three handguns, two rifles and two shotguns. Anyone filling this description isn’t buying out of practical need. Nor is he Don Knotts, terrified of burglars. He liken guns — for their own sake and for the pleasure they provide.”
And then there’s the famous “Guns don’t kill people. People kill people.” If that’s the case, then don’t give people guns.
Jason Foster is a journalism senior and editor-in-chief of Mustang Daily.
Æ

lY
ABOUT THE ISSUE
Gun Control
After 23 people were killed by gunfire in Killeen, Texas, last week, the issue of stricter gun enforcement is once again thrust into the national spotlight.
The Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution guarantees citizens of the United States the right to bear arms for both home protection and for the advancement of a national militia.
It was the sucess of this national militia that contributed to victory in both the Revolutionary War and the Mexican-American War.
Currently, there are more than 200 million firearms in the United States, discounting the police and the military. These weapons are owned by as many as 70 million Americans.
Handguns caused an average of 8,000 deaths per year between 1985 and 1989. Gun-related deaths cause about 30,000 deaths every year.
Government studies say guns are used in one-fourth of the most violent crimes.
In England, where gun control is strictly enforced, there is a high rate of death by firearms.
With possible legislation such as the Brady Bill (to put a waiting period on the sale of handguns) being considered in Washington D. C., the firearm debate will continue.
Gun Control
CORRECTION
In the Tuesday, October 22 issue of Mustang Daily, the campus library information phone number was not correct on the opinion page The correct number is 756-2598
In the same Issue, Public Safety Director Richard Brug's name was not spelled correctly Mustang Daily apologizes for the errors
CON
By Brennan M. Harmouth
The Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution states, “A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.” At the time this was written ‘militia’ referred to every able-bodied man. U.S. Code, Title 10, section 31 states that the militia of each state includes “all able-bodied males at least 17 years of age and...under 45...” In 1788, John Adams argued that “anns in the hands of citizens may be used at individual discretion.”
Gun control has no direct relation to crime rates. The four nations with the highest per capita gun ownership have some of the lowest crime rates (Switzerland, Israel, Denmark, and Finland). Britain has very restrictive gun control laws, however between 1960-75 their homicide rate doubled. Between 1930-75 the U.S. rate only rose 30 percent. In Jamaica, ownership of a single bullet is punishable by life in prison, however in 1980 Jamaica had 6 times as many gun deaths as Washington, D.C.(one of the most violent U.S. cities per capita).
Gun registration is useless. In 1968 the Supreme Court ruled that criminals couldn’t be compelled to register their weapons because to do so would infringe on their Fifth Amendment right against selfincrimination! A 1985 Justice Department study showed that only 21 percent of felons’ handguns were obtained through retail channels. The millions of dollars and thousands of man hours used for background checks would be better spent prosecuting and punishing those responsible for 80 percent of our crime problem — career criminals.
The FBI states "murder is primarily a societal problem over which law enforcement has little or no control.” This problem exists independently of firearms. Assuming all firearms could be removed from society, crime would still continue. Gun control laws affect only law abiding citizens. They are the only ones that will obey them. If a criminal used a gun in a drive-by shooting, would he be likely to worry about such a minor law as illegal possession of a firearm? I hardly think so.
Firearms do not create violence. It is a permanent part of society. To remove a person’s ability to defend against violence is a moral outrage. Every human has the right to self-preservation and for some that defense is a firearm. No other means of defense is as effective.
Proponents of gun control would like you to believe that cops in general are for gun control. WRONG! The National Sheriffs’ Association states, “There is no valid evidence whatsoever to indicate that depriving law-abiding American citizens of the right to own arms would in any way lessen crime or criminal activity.” The National Police Officers’ Association of America: “We feel that an American citizen of voting age and good character should have the right to purchase without restriction a handgun, pistol, revolver, rifle, shotgun, or like item without interference by a government body.”
Patrick Henry said, “The great object is that every man be armed ... Everyone who is able may have a gun.” It is obvious that our Founding Fathers knew the value of personal, unrestricted gun ownership. Without it there would be no United States. The Second Amendment gives an explicit right for firearm ownership by private citizens. Even ignoring that right, the societal gains of private ownership far outweigh the costs.
With or without firearms the insane will continue to disrupt our society. There is no way to eliminate them. Jack the Ripper and Jeffrey Dahmer are two prime examples. Fourteen people died in the Oakland Hills fire. If a match started it, should we ban matches?
Effective enforcement of gun bans is impossible. Irrational fears will not stop criminals from prejang on society. However, gun control will certainly stop honest citizens from defending themselves from dishonest, armed criminals. Gun control is harmful only to the honest. When guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.
Brennan Harmuth is a political science senior.
MUSTANG DAILY STAFF 1991 - 1992
Editor-in-Chief - Jason Foster Managing Editor - Patty Hayes Opinion Editor - Peter Hartlaub A&E Editor - Joe Tarica Insight Editor - Amy Reardon Sports Editor - Neil Pascale
City Editor - David Bock Copy Editor - Larre' Sterling Photo Editor - Hans Hess Art Director - Virgil Mayol Illustrator-Jen Smith Adviser - Herb Kamm
Business Mgr. - A.J. Schuermann Ad Director - Lee Dobrec Sales Manager - Stan Merriken Credit Manager - Ken Crittendon Production Manager - Alex Salazar Classifieds - Leeandra Church
Computer Operations - Dan Malone Circulation - Cecil Martinez Ad Design - Denise Meyer,	Account Executives - Amy
Uli Herrera	Doyel, Glenn Hom, Kim
Production - Bonnie WiLCHER, Forrester, Ryan Dover Sherry L. Gürtler, Tammy	Katie Bartlebaugh.Neil
COSSETTE, ALI BOTTOMLEY	HIGGINS, CAROL ROSLAND
Mustang Daily oHioes are located In Graphic Arts Room 226. Cal Poly University San Luis Ob«po. CA 93407. Phone: (805)756-1143, Fax: (805)756-6784. • All material In Mustang Daily is the property ol Mustana Daihr No «iHoriai i i	„«thnnt
approval Irom the Mustang Daily editorial staff and the Mustang Daily publisher's board. Advertisements and stories are copyrighted by Mustang Daily and may not be reprinted without written permission from the busineu rrwnager Prim^by
InsigiíT
MUSTANG Daily
Wednesday, October 23, 1991	5
Cal Poly born, bred and educated






1


if-	^



Fi«*-
Cal Poly Time (No. 4) wins her first race — the seventh race at Fairpiex, Sept. 27, 1990. A graduate of the Thoroughbred Enterprise I Nuevo, Caiif. She is currently trained by a 1950 Cal Poly graduate, James R. McCutcheon.
Photo courtesy of Thoroughbred Enterprise Program
Program, Cal Poly Time is stabled in
By Lori Cheeseman
Charles Howard had been up since 7 a.m. rustling through the Daily Racing Form in search of standings on a former Cal Poly horse.
“Have you found her yet?” asked animal science professor Roger Hunt, looking over his shoulder, a cup of coffee steaming in the cold morning air.
m

\ #

“Not yet ... we look through this every morning... it’s our Bible,” Howard said as he motioned to the group of students gathered at Cal Poly’s Horse Unit in the early morning hours.
The group of students laughed and quietly agreed.
The horse. Cal Poly Time, has done quite well for herself since




SHERRY L. GURTLER/Mustang Daily “Riding these horses strengthens a person’s character...and it changes a person forever,” Roger Hunt (pictured above) said.
Jeff Miner (photo right) teaches Hoist the Hour to respond to signals and commands.
she graduated from Cal Poly’s Thoroughbred Enterprise Program two years ago.
The filly won her first race last year, earning over $17,000. The Enterprise students has seen her name in the Daily Racing Form more than once.
The Thoroughbred Enterprise Program was introduced to Cal Poly in 1941. The California Thoroughbred Breeders Association initiated the program with donations of brood mares and stallion services.
Cal Poly students hand-raised these horses until they were ready for sale.
In 1970, Poly went beyond breeding, and entered the training ring. The program began selling horses at the March Invitational Sale in Del Mar each March. Some horses currently in the program will sell for up to $15,000, Hunt said.
“The program is unique to the West Coast,” said Hunt, who has been supervisor since 1978. “I haven’t heard of any other program like it anywhere.”
Hunt said thoroughbred racing is one of the most dangerous and expensive sports in the world, but it is also one of
the most rewarding.
“Riding these horses strengthens a person’s character,” Hunt said. “And it changes a person forever.”
Cal Poly’s Thoroughbred Enterprise Program has now sold more than 100 horses. Sixty-one of those have been winners on the West Coast, earning an lifetime average to date of $25,000.
Altogether, Cal Poly’s Thoroughbreds have earned a total of $1,529,893 at the track.
There are seven students involved in this year’s program, and three 18-month-old Thoroughbreds.
The students accepted into the program must complete a series of classes, know how to ride and have a career goal in the horse industry.
“Our number one goal is to help these students become better horsepeople,” Hunt said. “It doesn’t matter what type of horse they ride or what event, but these kids are going to learn something about themselves. Just like the horses learn.”
Kimberly Loeb, an animal science junior, plans on working in equine veterinary medicine.



specifically in leg care. She hopes her year with the Thoroughbred Program will give her a head start in her career.
“We are as inexperienced as they (the horses) are,” Loeb said. “It’s hard to get two beginners to come together and learn something, but we’re doing it.”
Tbday, Loeb is working with Decko, a temperamental colt who seems anxious to get out of the bam.
“We’re lucky,” Loeb said as she brushed clean Decko’s back. “He’s acting very good right now.”
Loeb is looking forward to March, and the Thoroughbred sales in Del Mar.
“I’m the type of person who gets attached to animals,” Loeb said. “But I’ll be very proud of him (Decko) if he makes it to the track. I will have really helped accomplish something.”
Animal science senior Amy Weston agreed.
“This is an opportunity I might not get anywhere else,” she said.
Hunt said many of the students meet important contacts at the track.
See HORSES, page 8










'■ssi








■*v.'
i '






n

SHERRY L GURTLER/Mustang Dally
Copeland’s Sports’
GRAPHITE SHAFTED IRON SET
Includes 8 clubs, #3 iron through pitching wedge. Lighter graphite shafts allow for greater club head speed & distance. Perimeter weighted, stainless steel heads add toe & heel mass for straighter shots on off center hits. Perfect in combination with Tour Model III Graphite Shafted Woods.
GRAPHITE _ SHAFTED ■3^ WOOD SET
Tour Model III. #1. »3 ft #5. woods. Perimeter weighted stainless steel [perimeter weighted heads add toe and heel mass for straighter shots on off-center hits
179-
DELUXE
GOLF
BAG
Super light weight. 4 section club divider. Heavily padded shoulder strap for extra comfort. Color coordinated hood.
99
EA.
MIKE GOLF SHOES
PUTTERS
Special group of assorted style ft brands.
NIKE
AIR TURNBERRY II GOLF SHOE
Waterproof leather upper. Encapsulated Air sole unit in the heel. 3 color rubber outsole with ^conventional spikes. Disc, style.
NIKE
HOBART GOLF SHOE
Two color EVA midsole with a two color rubber outsole and conventional spikes. Discontinued style.
WEIGHT LIFTING
BMI 415 WEIGHT BENCH
Three
position incline with leg developer.
THREADED STANDARD BARS
•Threaded knurled curl bar.
•Thread dumbbell handles (one pair). •Threaded collars II included. |
Special Group
LYCRA WORKOUT SHORTS
Cotton or nylon.
19i»
■minTTTr
COnVERSE TRIPLE DOUBLE MID
Full grain leather upper. Dual density rubber outsole. Available in Black ft White.
NIKE KID’S lUANTUM FORCE
Leather
TROOP PRO DUNK
Black leather
PAIR
NIKE LEATHER CORTEZ
Soft leather upper. Disc.
NIKE AIR FORCE 5
Full grain
TENNIS & FITNESS
HI-TEC
SHASTA
HIKER
Durable
DIADORA
DX4000
Full grain leather upper, solid
REEBOK EXOFIT HI
Men's, black soft garment
Quantitir« L limited to ^lock on hjnd Advertised mercK.tndi^e may l>e available at sate prices in upcomm9 sates events Ae^u'ar, original and cvrrent prices are offering prices only and may or may not have resulted in sales Prices may chanqe .«iter tO 27 9t
Copeland’s Sports
962 MONTEREY STREET
SAN LUIS OBISPO
HOURS: MON-WED 10-6. THURS 10-9,
FRI &SAT 10-7, SUN 11-5
Classified Halloween Ads Due TONITE AT MIDNIGHT
Exceeding Expectations
At Dcloitte l ouche, our mission is to consistently exceed the expectations of our clients and our people.
For you, this means unlimited opportunities to grow, professionally and personally.
So why not join a firm that will exceed your expectations?
Mambci
DRTlnternational
lo learn more about how we can exceed your expectations, stop by and see us.
Event: Informational Meeting and Reception Hate: October 24, 1991
Location: Embassy Suites Hotel -San Luis Obispo, CA
l ime: 6:.10-9:(K) p.m.
Heloitte & Touche representatives will be on campus on Friday, October 25, 1991 to interview Accounting majors graduating in December 1991 or Spring/Summer 1992. We will also be interviewing students interested in Winter or Summer 1992 internships.
Deloitte&
Touche
Dcloitte k Touche is an equal opportunity firm. We recruit, employ, train, compensate, and promote without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, age, sex, veteran status, or irrelevant handicaps.
SIDEWALK
A
HUGE SAVINGS on:
Clothing, Textbooks, School Supplies, Gift Items AND MUCH MORE
Come to the Textbook Refund Area located behind El Corral Bookstore Tuesday & Wednesday October 22 & 23.
Sale is from 9:00am to 3:00pm.
ElGDiral
Bookstore

. \S SV S , S* ,
sjÿ.	• '•.S'«.,
fi s fiS^¥fi®fi;
; ••
V'.-
Mustang Daily
DIRECTOR
P'rom page 1
racism in American culture and cultural heritage) will not increase drastically with the creation of this new position.
He hopes Gish will be able to identify new funding sources so that professors will have the time and resources available to develop new courses.
“There is a significant number of professors interested in teaching and research in this area,” he said.
Those teachers aren’t just in the School of Liberal Arts. Ribeau said engineering, agriculture and business professors have expressed interest as well.
The fact that Gish is from out of state does not worry Ribeau. California has a different school system, and Gish will have to learn it quickly.
Although he said this could be a disadvantage, Ribeau wasn’t overly worried about Gish adjusting to the change. On the positive side, having someone come in from outside the system could also be an advantage, Ribeau said.
“He hasn’t been jaded and beaten down by bureaucracy and paperwork,” he said. “He has an optimistic view.”
His first quarter here, Gish will focus on his administrative duties. After settling in, Gish will teach in the English department beginning with a modern novel course this spring.
RECYCLEMUSTANGlI
The “Mad Max” of Surf Films!

■Î IL»».'	. M .je*-

>

cfi.
¥ >
“Poignant and beautiful” San Francisco Chronicle “The BEST surf movie ever!” -Internati Surfing Magazine “Rolling Thunder is what most surfing movies aspire to... mlnd-boggllng...the music is insane!” -Surfing Magazine “Rock solid...A lot of stoke!” -Surfer Magazine
WED, OCT 23 • 7&9 pm FAIR OAKS TH. • ARROYO GRANDE
„ THURS, OCT 24 • 7&9 pm
cal poly chumash aud.
Sponsored by Cal Poly Ski Club
SAVE $1.00! Advance Discount Tickets at Sort Shops and Cal Poly Ski Club table!
CiassifieD
he Associated Students Inc./Julian A. jMcPhee University Union/Children's Center Annual Audit FY 1990-91 has been
completed. Public information copies available in the ASI Business Office, UU 212 and Campus Library.
❖
Kj'inqlai
I robh Ncirwc'gijn Baked Goods
DISCOVER THE GREAT TASTE OF
KRINGLA
AT
THE SNACK BAR
Côitipus Clubs
Campus éfubs
Komes for Sale
Services
Wanted
'Ar 'A’	(
SAM***
DEREK FERRIERA FROM JOHN HANCOCK 11AM THURS AG ENG-123 JOIN US AT HUDSON'S AFTER
*CAL POLY SKI
CLUB-
DUE TOMORROW!
OV
Cal Poly Space Systems Meeting Wed. 5pm (53-201)
Celebrate Nat'l Consumers Week Society of Consumer Affairs Proffesionals
Come see us In the UU 10-2pm
H20SKI CLUB
Meeting Tonight Oct 23 830pm Bldg33 Rm286 Ski Trip This Wkd Without Doubt Come Out CUthere
NUTRITION CLUB & FOOD SCI CLUB PUMPKIN CARVING CONTEST/PARTY THURS 10/24 11 AM BLDG 24 rm1l3 (FOOD PROCESS BLDG) PUMPKINS PROVIDED.BUT PLEASE BRING OWN DECORATIONS! PRIZES WILL BE GIVEN OUT TO WINNING TEAMS!
PI GAMMÀ MU
HONOR SOCIETY first meeting Thurs. Oct 24 11am AglO-222
SAM HALLOWEEN BASH
OCTOBER 25 AT SAN LUIS OFFICER CLUB 8PM TICKETS ON SALE BUS BLD 10-2 $3 OR $5 AT DOOR EVERYONE WELCOME!!
SCS-OUTREACFT
COME FIND OUT ABOUT SPECIAL OLYMPICS,CASA DE VIDA. ACHIEVE ME NT HOUSE.SOCIALS ICALL X5834
W.O.W.
Attention Counselors & Staff:
•92 FACILITATOR/STAFF WORKSHOP Come Find Out What Its About Tues Oct 29 7pm @ Chumash Any ?’s Call Mo 544-7629
PHI-U HE Honor Society Meeting 10/24 1100am HE Bldg 121
Announdemaitta
ALPHA CRISIS PREGNANCY CENTER 24-HR LIFELINE 541-3367 FREE PREGNANCY TEST -A FRIEND FOR LIFE”
CASH FOR COMICS & GAMING ITEMS Trade in or get cash! New comics Friday mornings! New games weekly THE SUB COMICS GAMES & P0STE:^RS 785 Marsh St. SLO 541-3735
CHEAP THRILLS & RECYCLED RECORDS pays the most cash for used LPs tapes, CDs and video games (cash for Nintendo) lowest prices and highest trade-ins.
CHEAP THRILLS 783 Marsh St..
SLO 544-0686
Give Life Give Blood
BLOOD DRIVE-THURSDAY,OCTOBER24 9am-2pm STUDENT HEALTH CENTER
LONDON STUDY
SPRING QUARTER INFO MTG-CAL POLY THEATRE THURS. 10/24-11AM
PHOTO IDs ARE HERE!
Pictures taken dunng WOW and the FIRST WEEK OF CLASS May be picked up on WEDNESDAY 10/23 10am-2pm in the UU PLAZA
Upset about Thomas vote?
Meet 10-24 11 theater lawn to discuss possible actions
for Salo
1 BUYING A HOUSE OR CONDO?
FOR A FREE LIST OF ALL LEAST EXPENSIVE HOUSES & CONDOS FOR SALE IN SLO, CALL STEVE NELSON 543-8370. FARRELL SMYTH R/E.
1 BEST PRICED CONDOS & HOMES LISTED FREE SPECIALIZING IN STUDENT/PARENT INVESTMENTS. INFORMATION PACKET AVAILABLE ON CAMPUS CALL MARGUERITE 541-3432 CENTURY 21-OBISPO
Perldhifii
ADOPTION-LOVING, SECURE COUPLE SEEKS HEALTHY, CAUCASIAN NEWBORN TO LOVE AS OWN. LEGAL AND CONFIDENTIAL. CAL POLY ALUMNUS. CALL COLLECT, ANYTIME AND WE CAN TALK (408)449-6351.
TODAY IS THE LAST DAY TO PLACE YOUR HALLOWEEN CLASSIFIED AD. MIDNIGHT IS THE DEADLINE PICK UP AN ORANGE FORM IN THE MUSTANG DAILY OFFICE BLDG 26 RM 226
- Greek News
BEST OF LUCK
To The Cal Poly Football team! Happy Homecoming! Love A<I>
PHIS GO NUTS
for Wrangler Butts! A<I> can't Wait for tne date party Sat.!!
DON’T DESPAIR
EL CORRAL REPAIRS!
Authorized Computer Service Center M-F 7:30-4:30 Sat 11-4 ______CALL 756-5327____
LEARN TO FLY Call Rod 528-1849
KINKO'S Hourly computer Rental
If you need a Mac, use ours! Lots of Programs. Laser Printers. Open 24 Hours.
973 Foothill: 543-0771

Lost StTdIirti
• •	i*.--	..Xv.s
FOUND DOG HUSKY MIX MALE 544-7480
Word Proeesslii$ ^
stop
Paying someone else to type your p^ers, Invest in a Macintosh Computer! Check out the student discounts at El Corral
R&R Word Processing (Rona), 544-2591, STUDENT RATKl 15yrs.exp.
Resumes, Sr. Projects, Etc. Mac w/ Laser Printer Laura - 549 8966
Opportunities
#1 FUNDHAISbH NA I lONWIDE Your fraternity, sorority, or other campus group can earn between $500-1000 in less than 7 days. You pay absolutely nothina Call: 1-800-735-2077 Ext 3
XOU'Rt ON MS WAlf OF WÍ BED' MOltOWER'
T
SOOÍÍ SIDE \S NMOSEkTMBÏ: GNEMEBAO; ■most C0HED5'
1//^
CALVIN. BE QUIET AWHSOTO SljgEP.7
•r
% •

RE sm TO GET ONSCOkSDE AND TEASE T>€ CCHEOS ALÛKE' .
-y—^
TRATS NC5T WMAT HE5AID.'
SïïbŒ MS PlLLOSS.' TRIS LOMPS ONE IS vcocs:
C

10-23

WANTED 100 PEOPLE We Will Pay you to lose 10-29 lbs in 30 days All Natural (805)655-5637
lempipyrnent ^
EARN $300-500 A WEEK PARTIME STUFFING ENVELOPES AT HOME FOR INFO SEND $1 TO: UNIVERSAL MARKETING 28729 S. WESTERN AVE RPV CA 90732 PO BOX «202
ACTG/FIN MAJORS: UNISYS WILL BE INTERVIEWING ON 10/29 FOR 2 CO-OP POSITIONS AVAILABLE BEGINNING WINTER *92 AND SPRING '92; GO TO CAREER SERVICES RM 113 FOR MORE INFO
COPYTRON.A MINOLTA COPIER & NEC FAX DEALER. IS OFFERING A KEY PART TIME OR FULL TIME POSITION FOR A JUNIOR SALES REP.RESPONSIBLITIESINCLUDE TELEMARKETING & COLD CALLING. CALL GRANT BERKEFELD 544-8766
SUMMER MGMT.INTERNSHIP INTERVIEWS NOW TAKING PLACE.
GAIN VALUABLE EXPERIENCE MANAGING A TEAM OF EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS MAJORITY OF HIRING WILL BE COMPLETED BY NOVEMBER.AVERAGE GROSS PRO -FIT $11,287.CALL TRIPLE ‘A* STUDENT PAINTERS FOR INFORMATION NOW 1-800-426-6441
TYPING/FILING CLERK 3 HOURS PER DAY-MORNINGS 9 TO 15 HOURS PER WEEK CALL GRANT BERKEFELD AT COPYTRON AT 544-8766
Hr Safe
35mm CANON A1
w/28mm lens all for $190
Call Kevin Cannon at 542-9680
4 SALE Motel Furniture 1825 Monterey St.
84 YAMAHA OT50 Scooter 1600 Miles $250 Call 543-2382
FORSAl E 86HONDA SPREE 2990mi. $375obo white&turq. 541-2693
Roommates
' NEW ROOMMATE NEEDED MALE OR FEMALE IN 4 BEDROOM HOUSE IN DOWNTOWN SLO OWN ROOM/$195 CALL 543-1201 AFTER 6
Pine Creek. Room Available $320 per month. Call 541-4936
Rental Hotatlng
ROOM FOR ^
$225 -t- Deposit Call 545-9228
8 WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1991
Mustang Daily
ASI
HORSES
From page 2
that this attitude is part of the problem.
“Something has got to change,” states SLO Police Chief Jim Gardiner. He believes it is going to come down to “peer responsibility.”
Yes, it is true that only 2 percent of the students are causing the bulk of the problems. Yet, it is the others — the ones standing around just letting these events happen — who are also at fault.
“Peer pressure” is a much stronger defense against these disruptions then anything the police force can put together.
ASI Community Relations Coordinator Marc Fowler suggests that students “take an active role in helping stifle such events before they get started.”
Get to know your neighbors. Tell them when you are planning a party, and, by all means, don’t let the party get out of hand.
“Police yourselves,” Fowler continues, “Have some respect for your neighbors.”
ASI is putting a lot of effort into improving the relationship between the students and the community. Events such as Neighborh(X)d Cooperation Week are put on so the rifl between students and the community can be mended.
ASI is not condemning parties or drinking. We are condemning the disrespect some of our students have for the community and the police department.
Please, be part of the solution, not part of the problem.
From page 5
“The industry is supportive of us, and they’re really interested in it (the program),” Hunt said. “Obviously someone is interested, they are buying our horses. And the exposure and education is good for our students.”
Jeff Miner, an animal science junior, is looking forward to riding on the track.
“It’s a different style of riding,” Miner said as he saddled up a second colt. Hoist the Hour. “But it’s all horsemanship and the more experience you get, the better you will be.”
“Horses are a luxury,” he added with a smile. “If I can make a living with them, that wouldn’t be too bad.”
Hoist the Hour was “feeling good” this morning as Miner let him run in the training ring. The colt kicked at a metal wall and the sound echoed through the quiet morning air.
Hunt stood by the ring and kept a watchful eye on his two new students. T^is was the second week the horses had felt a person’s weight on their backs.
“We aren’t breaking these horses,” Hunt said. “You break a match stick ... you educate a horse.”
Down below the training ring lies a 3/4 mile race track, built in 1984 by the Oak tree Racing Association.
It won’t be long before these three young horses will get the chance to test their speed. Hunt said.
Animal science senior Lori Johnston was in last year’s
m







.JOk..,
SHERRY GURTLER/Mustang Daily
Jeff Miner wraps the legs of his trainee, Hoist the Hour, in preparation for morning workout.
Enterprise Program. She showed up this morning to watch the new hopefuls.
“This really becomes your passion,” said Johnston, who rode at Del Mar track last year.
“Y>u just want to go faster and faster. There is nothing like it (horse racing). It’s almost addictive.”
Hunt said the training
program will be moving to Rancho Rio Vista Stables in Atascadero later this year because he wants to keep the program abreast of the latest technology and Rancho Rio Vista has much newer facilities.
“Everyone thinks they just come up here to ride, but it’s more than that,” Hunt said. “They learn about conditioning.
dedication and patience.”
As the enterprise students led their horses down to the track, a group of yearlings watched curiously from a nearby pasture. Hunt said some of them would be in next year’s Enterprise Program.
“And the tradition will continue,” he said. “That is what it’s all about.”
Apples aren't just for teachers anymore... Take a byte out of Apple!
j* t
rjr*’
^ ;



I




Bundles of savings going on now, from $180 to $700 SAVINGS!
Macintosh Classic 2MB ram and40MB Hard Drive
with StyleWriter Printer.................... $1368.00
Macintosh LC 2MB ram and 40MB Hard Drive
with StyleWriter Printer and 12” Color Monitor.$2047.00
On sale now at ElGorrall^i^Bookstore
Computer Department: 756-5311
Ask about the new student financing. Coming soon from Apple!!!
A RT’s

198 South Street San Luis Obispo, CA (805) 543-4416
2179 10th Street-Los Osos, CA (805) 528-5115
lz331Kl]0:

gleslrel ^
h

T
h

•	Gifts, Gift Baskets ¡¿I
•	Cards, Stationary
•	Wraps, Ribbons
•	Bags, Boxes, Tubes
778 Higuera
K S
R

<1
' Exquisite Wrapping ■ Computer Calligraphy Expert Packing Worldwide Shipping
545-9940