MAY 1 9 1981
c
University Arcjhl vea
Hawk wins presidential runoff race
Dennis Hawk captured the ASI preeidency by more than a 2-1 margin over Stephanie Nelson 'Hiursday in an election which aaw approximately 10 pereant of the student bt^y cast their ballot, election official Margaret Stanton reported.
Only 1,589 students showed up at the voting stations or about 10 percent of the voting populace. But Hawk was the clear favorite of those who did
vote, taUjf^ 1,065 votes for a total of 67 percent of the ballots cast. Nelson garnered the support of 524 voters (33 percent).
The 10 percent student body vote marled the lowest turnout in recent years. Last year 20.5 percent of the electorate came to the polls to vote for Willie Huff who ran unopposed. In the runoff election two years ago, 17 percent of the student' body voted in the electipn which saw
Rose Kranx defeat Ann CTIendenen.
e
More than 50 percent additional voters cast their ballots in the May 6 and 7 four-way presidential race featuring WiU Fox and Mike Jezbera in addition to NelstHMnd Hawk. Hawk won a plurality with 967 votes, but--fell far short of the 50 percent majority needed to win. Nelson earned 675 votes (27 per-.cent), while Fox and Jezbera
recorded 507 (21 percent) and 268 votes (11 percent) respectively.
Hawk pledged in his bampaign * to try to annex the .campus dorms into the dty, initiate a CAR cleanup day and try to lure a local bank into instiJling an automatic teller on camptu.
Nelson had promised to bring in a team of business and economics seniors to try to reorganize the ASI so it could function more like a corporation.
Friday. May IS, 1981
Mustang Daily
CaHfomia Polyteclink State Uaiverdty, Saa Lais Obispo
Darinla Hawk
Volume 48, No. 183
Lawyer blasts PG&E record, Diablo
»O'
MiMlane OMy-OartpM
Lawyer and PG&E critic W. Andrew Baldwin shuffles through some notes during his talk Thursday in UU 112.
BY JIM MALONE.
StoNWiHw
Days before local hearings to decide whether the Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant will be fired up for low-power testing, an attorney for plant opponents on campus Thursday assailed PG&E's nuclear track record and questioned credibility of the utility’s pronouncements.
Speaking in UU 112, W. Andrew Baldwin, the lawyer representing the legal intervenors in Utigation cqncerning the plant’s security system, said the pubUc is caught between two sides on the issue of Diablo Canyon’s safety.
“PG'&E says the plant is safe, but can we believe them?” he said.
In answer to his own question, Baldwin detailed several incidents which occurred during the utility’s attempts to build and operate five nuclear power plants in California since 1955. He also cited a court decision which found PG&E guilty of libeling a television documentary producer.
Beginning with the VallMitos power plant near San Jose, Baldwin ran down a list of nuclear power projects undertaken by PG&E, all of which were found to be on or near earthquake faults. These included:^	"
—a nuclear plant at Humboldt Bay, closed in 1975 for refueling and never reopened due to seismic hazards and leaking fuel.
—the abortive Bolinas Bay plant, which was blocked by the Alo™<^ Energy Commission before construction began because of its proximity to the San Andreas fault.
—a proposal to build a nuclear reactor at Point Avena, near Mendocino in northern California, which was also halted, Baldwin said, by the U.S. Geological Survey when it discovered PG&E was withholding seismic data indicating the presence of an earthquake fault.
—the Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power plant, located two and a half miles from the Hosgri fault, which Baldwin said PG&E knew about in 1971, but did not inform the Nuclw Regulatory Commission until 1973.
’The Humboldt Bay power station was the subject of a KNBC-’TV, Los Angeles-produced documentary titled
When C^fornia State Sen. H.L. Richardson Jr. first entered politics, he found tliat politicians don’t care about beM solutions.
“Money and Politics in California” was the title of the address given by the 25th District Republican senator from Arcadia. A former advertising and pt^lk relations executive, Richardson has been identified with conservative politics over the years.
"Politicians don’t give a damn about what’s best — they go into politics to force their ideas on others.” Richardson told an audience of about 80 people in the University Union’s Room 220 Thursday morn^. "Intellectual pursuits are not a part of politics. It’s a battle, and I soon learned to play ball within those re-quirements.”
Richardson maintained that there are five major myths of politics and listed them as:
—	Political daeitioHt arc eompromiccM. According to Richardson, those decisions are conflicU and the sUte senate is not a reflective body, as it diould be.
—	Potitieiaiu art clactad by a majority. ’The senator hold that voters dact politicians, and the majority of eligible voters don’t vote.
—	PoUtieiant arc “twccty-cwccty" people. Richard-*8on said the politicians he’s dealt with are people who get what they want.
—	Legislators read everything they vote on. He said they read perhaps a third of what they vote on, and voting on 20 bills with one vote is not uncommon.
—	Talking with a politician will change his or her mind.
“It all boils down to thejact that the legislatUve process we have today is the worst way to solve problems,” said the senator. "To say a state senator can represent 6,0(X) people is stupid.” According to Rkhiudson, C^fornia would be bdter off if lawmakers were part-time politicians who worked with citizens to reach solutions.
Richardson stated kis conclusion and opened the floor to questions. Cal Poly poliHical science professor David George began a question regarding the Second Amendment and Richardson, founder a^ chairman of Gun Owners of America and Gun Owners of California, said loudly, “I will not disctiss the Second Amendment!” Mambws of the audience responded by firing repeated questions at the senator about his stance on gun owner-riiip.
Taking the idea of personal freedoms a step further, a young man asked the speaker how he felt about abortion, gay rights, and marijuana.
Please see page 6
"The Powers ’That Be,” which explored the issue of furi problems and seismic safety of the plant.
After the show was aired, PG&E officials drew up a letter accusing th^ocumentary’s producer of secretly taping a utility offi<^ on the subject of the safety of the furi at the plant, Baldwin said. ’The note said the produced taped the remarks clandestinely, then edited the film to make it appear that the official was speaking on camera. Baldwin said.	^
’The letter, according to Baldwin was sent to congressmen, goverorhent agencies and the Atomic Energ^y Commission among other places, and the producer sued for libel, claiming his reputation would be damaged.'
"PG&E says the plant is safe, but can we believe them?”
W, Andrew Baldwin
Under questioning during the trial, the PG&E official who made the accusations admitted he had indeed made the contentious remarks on the record. Baldwin said a jury found that PG&E did libel the producer and awarded him S7 million in damages. An appeals court found that amount excessive, however, and a settlement in lower court netted him 1400,000.	^
'The former legal director for the San Francisco-basbd Friends of the Earth, said PG&E’s motivation in this incident was to prevent further showings of this documentary, which they felt was "full of innuendoes, half truths, and biased.”
'The lawyer, who has worked for the San Luis Obispo Mothers for Peace and other legal intervenors for over two years, also read from PG&E documents instructions concerning the screening and destruction of files to prevent detrimental information about the utility’s activities from becoming public.
A PG&E representative was at the talk, but refused to comment on Baldwin’s remarks for the record. He also declined to give his name to a reporter.
Conservative state senator says politicians don’t care whaVs best
/
'«M
Mmt—s DsSy—0i
State Senator H.L. Richardson (R-Arcadia) after he spoke in UU 220 Thursday.
Pag* 2
Muatang Daily Friday, May 15, IMI
Libyans threaten an oil cutoff
WASHIN'tON lAP) — Twenty-six Libyan diplomats left the United States under President Reagan’s expulsion order early today after their chief delivered a parting shot: a threat to cut off oil shipments in retaliation.
Reagan issued the order last week after the State Department alleged that Libya and the People’s Bureau, its mission in Washington, had engaged in ’’provocations and misconduct, including support for international terrorism."
Hours before his departure. Ali el Houderi, Libya’s top diplomat In the United States, said a halt in oil sales to the United States is one option under consideration by his government.
Libya provides about 10 percent of U.S. oil imports for about $12 billion a year.
U.S. officials have charged that Libya has intimidated dissident Libyans in this country and, aided by Soviet military equipment, has intervened in dozens of other nations, most of them friendly to the United States.
The State Department said it saw no reason why the expulsion of the diplomats should affect oil trade with Libya.	~ i
Asked Wednesday about Houderi’s comments. State Department spokesman Dean Fischer declined to discuss the ‘‘hypothetical’’ possibility of an oil cutoff.
MX vyon’t get Columbia River
SALEM, Ore. AP—Oregon Gov. Vic Atiyeh said Thursday he would oppose any effoils to divert Columbia River water to Nevada for the proposed MX missile project.
"1 don’t want to be dramatic about this,’’ he said. "I’m absolutely adamant that nobody’s going to get Columbia River water.”	,:
Atiyeh said there is no water to spare ifrom the river, which serves Oregon, Washington and Idaho. He said if Nevada officials demanded Sacramento River water, they would get the same reaction from California officials.
Newsline
Mideast peace negotiations stall
TEL AVIV, Israel AP - U.S. envoy Philip C. Habib consulted Thursday with the leaders of Syria and Israel, but his diplomatic attempt to resolve the two countries’ dispute in Lebanon appeared threatened by the Syrian downing of a pilotless Israeli reconnaissance plane.
The plane, called p ‘‘drone’’ and used to photograph troops on the ground, was shot down by a volley of Soviet-made SAM-6 missiles in eastern Lebanon while Habib was in Damascus 'Thursday morning for talks with Syrian President Hafez Assad.
. Israel demands the Syrian missiles be removed from Lebanon. On ‘Thursday, Begin said the downing of the aircraft had created a “grave situation" even if Israeli pilots were not involved.
Unborn baby treated for disease
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - An unborn baby girl suffering from a deadly inherited disease was treated successfully when doctors gave medicine to her mother. University of California doctors reported 'Thursday.
'Treating the baby by treating the mother is an "important new concept," tried only twice before, siud Dr. Seymour Packman of UC-San Francisco. 'The technique “could be applicable and very beneficial for a fair number of inherited metabolic diseases," he added.
'The child, Nicole Whitmore, of Santa Rosa, was bom last Dec. 21 with a disorder that prevents her body from utilizing a crucial vitamin called biotin.
'They diagnosed her problem 16 weeks into Debra Whitmore’s pregnancy — a diagnosis never before made on an unborn child, the university said. 'They looked for the disorder because Nicole’s older brother also inherited it.
Pope is called a lucky survivor
VATICAN CI'TY>(AP)-"'The Pope was very lucky.” the director of surgery at Gemelli Policlinico hospital. Professor Giancark) Casti^ioni, told reporters. 'The 60^ year-old pope, known around the world for his open smile and robust vitality, was expected to stay two more days in the emergency care unit at the hospital, the most modem in Rome.
“We have sound hopes that the pope will remain with us. that he will continue to live," Castiglioni said. “He wasn’t hit in vital parts but they were not li^t injuries. Important blood vessels were just barely missed."
A swarthy, well-dressed man was grabbed by police immediately after the shots rang out in St. Peter’s Square as the pope stood in a slow-moving white jeep, greeting a crowd of 15,000 at lus weekly audience. Detectives reportedly said that the man seized was carrying a hand-written letter saying the attack on the pope was a protest against U.S. and Soviet imperialism.
‘The Italian news agency ANSA said the note read, “1 am killing the pope to protest against the Soviet Union and the United States, and against the gmocide they are committing in El Salvador and Afghanistan."
Police said the man gave his name as Nehmet Ali Agca, 23, and told them repeatedly he “couldn’t care less about life." He was later identifîed as the terrorist Mehmet Ali Agca after fingerprints arrived from Interpol.	,
Plane search conflict arises
WASHING'TON (API - 'The United States and the ‘ Soviet Union are giving contradictory accounts — in unusually harsh language — to describe what happened when U.S. authorities boarded a Russian plane and seized three cartons just before the jet was to fly to Moscow.
In Moscow, signs protesting the incident were put on four automobiles parked outside the U.S. Embassy. One read, "Shame on the American bandits.”
'The Commerça Department said its technicians still were examining the material today to'see if it was properly licensed for export and if it really is defense-related.
C1991 Califofnia Mtik Advw4>ry ^»«rd
When the only you can squeeze between English and German isaDanish^



Sometimes
eating can be a real struggle between classes.
So when you do grab a snack... grab a milk.
-	Milk fits any food. Any sch^ule.
From instant pudding to 3 minute eggs.
Twenty-four hours a day.
there's nodiiiffi like somethiiffi wifliMilk. .
This sral is your assurarK«
oi a real dairy food.^0^
Low Calorie Ice Creams Veygie Plates Salads Soups
Near Luckys 773 Foothill 543-7535
touring GEAJ,
MOUNTAIN Am
RIKFS
la« HK,l I HA • M.O .VM WM
1 TRANSCENDING>THE ORDINARVI


NAD STEREO EQVtFMENTiS ! WORTH FIGHTING FOR!!
m •
.-.'ér
1
NAD
THE NAD 3020 & 4020
lAST TIME YOU BEAD WHAT ACCLAIMED AUDIO CRITICS SAID ASOUT NAD STEREO EQUIPMENT NOW, TAKE A LOOK AT TWO Of NAD’S OUTSTANDING PRODUCTS the NAO 3020 integrated AMP K 4020 TUNER AT t21t EACH REELECT NAO S PHILOSOPHY THAT OREAT AUDIO DESIGN DOESN T COST ANY MORE THAN A MEDIOCRE ONE THAT S AN UNCOMMONLY RATIONAL APPROACH TO AUDIO OESION AUDIO ECSTASY IS PROUD TO REPRESENT these extraordinary products EROM NAO
WE REPRESENT
ACOUSTAT • AOCOM • AIWA • ALLISON • AUDIO CONTROL • AUDIO PRO • AUDIO SOURCE
• AXIOM rsostom acousticssbUrhoe roe non* oyem vector* OR AOORHAELERR
i	RUOIO PURIST • MICRO SEIXI • NAO • ONXYO • PS AUDIO • PYRAMID •
CABLES • SHURE SME • SONUS • STAX • TOX • VANOERSTEEN B AUDIOPHILE RECORDINGS
Mustang Daily
Friday, May 15.1M1
Pag# 3
k~i- _

1 1

1/

y


i£>


Art class formed from molten glass
___.1__________BY KARIN RICH ____________ _
stall Wrilsr
The furnaces in the Cal Poly glassblowing lab line up against the wall like square, squat animals, roaring and glowing an eerie orange. As a student slides open a door to collect a lump of white-hot molten glass on the end of his blowpipe, intense heat pours out into the lab and warms the damp, early morning air~ of an overcast day.	i
For the beginning students of Art 242, it's “Smoothie Day," according to glassblowing teacher George Jercich. If the ' students have suC(:eeded in blowing a drinking glass or cup, they get to try them out by drinking smoothies, a drink con-, taining ice cream and fruit.
"It's an incentive," said Jercich. “No glass, no smoothie."
For the advanced students, like Ralph Johnson and Bill Hedges.'it's time to practice and experiment with their glassblowing skills.
Johnson, a 25-year-old crop science and poultry major, said he has been blowing glass for almost a year. What began as a side interest for him may become a professional career "if farming doesnit pan out," said Johnson. One of his works, a "slump bowl," is on display in the U.U. Galerie show,"Selections '81."
Johnson is presently working on his "Confettie Series." "1 got tired of making wine glasses," he said. "I'm moving off into other territories."
Describing his series idea as new wave, Johnson works with basic shapes of glass, and adds random places of color creating the "confetti effect.” Johnson coats his blowpipe with a white liner before applying the molten glass, which turns the clear glass white. “It's a white background for me to paint on," said Johnson.
One of Johnson's fellow students, Frank Zike, called him the class's "most advanced student."
“He's bean around here the longest," said Zike. “He's very serious about his work."
Bill Hedges, 23, is an architecture student who has blown glass since last fall. He said he always enjoyed watching glassblowers and thought he would give it a try. Since that decision, he said he spends about four hours a week in the lab practicing at his hobby.
“Why does an archie blow glass?” he asked. “Because it’s fun.” -
PI«aM aaa page 6

Photos by Sean Thomson
Story by Karin Rich
Top to bottom: Bill Hedges huffs and puffs to blow a glass trinket; Andrew Williams, a 26-year-old biological science major, pounds the glass into the desired $hape. Hedges peers into the fire to see if the glass has reached the correct consistency.

MiMtonfIMIy PrMay.ltoy 18.1M1
I 1
Stanley Stoked
wnei^«
IV
of - ■ -
t«L^ ME. tk-va^fticD . I DONr w&ni^ ‘ OOTT»i Poto
By Tony Cockrell
^féÌÌMÒTBWTB^?lNBAPpUe..AKO ‘
.3JRO«IB.T\2*A.	^-W
f
Pamphlet seeks to improve student-city relations
BY NANCY LEWIS \
StoNWrMar
Incoming students in the future may better understand the Cal Poly police and other governmental agencies after reading the student community resource handbook.
The goal of the pamphlet, currently being planned by the coordinator of the student afftrmatiye action program on campus. Alfonso E. Locke, is to improve student-community involvement.
He wants it to reach out to flrst-year students who*
have situational problems in making the transition from their homes to Cal Poly-
Community and governmental agencies, and individuals who lead these agencies, would be covered_ in one section of the pam-~ phlet.
“The campus police is just one example,” said Locke. He feels students need to know more than the phone number of the department, including how the police perceive students, what problems they have with students
and how relationships between the two groups can be improved.
Off-campus housing would also be a major part of the pamphlet, showing what apartment complexes are accessible to disabled or handicapped students.
In another section of the handbook, Locke wants to provide students with consumer services information, such as inexpensive places to get hair cut, plus banks, shopping and specialty stores.
Information on transportation such as
local and long distance buslines, airlines and commuter sharing will also be covered.
Recreation information is also important, said Locke. City, county and state parks, and their descriptions and locations can be reported on, along with the maintainance which must be done to keep them up.
Performing arts, cultural organizations and leisure time pursuits, like movies, newspapers, radio stations and television, would be developed in another sec-
tion, according to Locke.
Locke wants older students to write arid complete the pamphlet because "they can give their opinions of the advantages, disadvantages and highlights of the community outside of the classroom as they see it through their experience.”
About 25 volunteers are needed to get this handbook started on its way to reality, said Locke. He suggests that students interested in graphic arts, photography, writing, cartoons, illustrations or any
type of artwork contact him.
Locke wants to recruit a four-member coordii^ting committee to direct and review the activities and articles written by other student volunteers.
"There is a strong possibility of reimbursement for volunteer time spent,” said Locke, and he is willing to leave the work schedule up to individual students.
If anyone is interested, contact Locke at 546-1436 of Room 35-Q in the Facul-> ty Office Building.
■ • •	NOTICE
	R. Buckminster F^uller: Well
»	Known American 4hinker, ar-
	chitect. designer, scientist, "inventer, phiiosopher, and author of severai books inciuding, “Operating Manuai for Spaceship Earth", and his newest best seiier. "The Criticai
\	Path", wiii be at Ei Corrai
	Bookstore May Iff, (Monday) from
Ì	3-4 p.m. Scheduied is an informai autograph signing. Come in and meet R. Buckminster Fuiier prior to his evening lecture in Chumash auditorium. A selection of Mr. Fuller’s best
	titles will be available for in-
	spection and autographs.
WE HAVE THE SHIRT
(IZOD) .
WOMENS
poly/cot. $20.00 BOYS
$16-$18 sizes 16-20
MENS
100% cot. $24.00 65/35 poly/cot. $23.00 sizes sm-xxiarge
15% DISCOUNT WITH THIS AD!
Dennis Pogue’s Golf Shop San Luis Obispo Golf & Country Club 251 Country Club Dr. SLO 543-4035
The Mustang Daily
Is now accepting applications - for the postitlons of:
«
•Managing Editor •Enertalnment Editor •Editorial assistants •Photo Editor •Sports Editor	•Copy Reader
•Outdoors Editor

Enquire at the nuatmng Dmilg
office in Hoorn 226 of the Graphic Arts buttding for applications and description of duties.
The application deadline is Thurs., May 21
( I M’ll s
5c
I 111 I rmnimu;!) '
^ I s K , ) s
S.iftta Kon.i ’-11 Ml*-)!
KODAK FILM
KINKO S
't ‘>.i'i 1,1 M( is.i “'4 i '4F9 i
©®© ©0©
¿00DLUCK
Mustang Dally
BREWSERS In Your Annual Softball ^^^ -0 Game Against ^
KCPR ^
1 rm Mtn	mért
1 TH( »«•*$ H»e« tint ) r4oeii rm 1« Tele* «leesw
I LM KOITtt Berw« Upe I LfO «OTT« ....
>	IMIV «MM TeteMe
I »UlV MM. I*«B le toertce f KTTt	tistfw	Heeneaa
' m Orm*
I FQMàl tkpae Biee I JAV	Tlie ft«e leee
I jmmr mm mu«« Jprey JpTf f m$ inNMTT Itvteee Nm Aee I MVIi MT« tee*ye I NdM*TA HAM »'BeMiv MeUieMv I tltTM tLtm Lave $—a>eM»-I weu Pit te To Vletory I bmLMB JtMOT Mo-tyeO J—a
I oocacn ti m up
I nt MM •pi'iTo Noel«« tiee*
>	mt AIMS atMe ttiMM
1 jom tmmtn Bn*eAoo«...
1 0l«KT HtC MKIM.. Bolee««#« of M* «««loo. Brifioolty •i?.M i«o«e mm i«o« a.Ml
AM* aoo*o Boraoi IMI I vuoo L«0«%OB*^*^***
JOIN OTHER CONCERNF MtMBERSOF OUR COI MUNITVAT MISSION PLAZA FOR A ONE VIGIL CONCE'^NING THi
OIABlO nuclear powe
PLANT
MON MAY 16
7:30-8.30 pm.
UE. may 1 8:15- 9:15am.
MEET OTHEIt MEMBERS Of THE CAL POLY COMMUNITY W A MARCH FROM THE UU PLAZA TO
r THE DtaCOVERY INN WHERE THE NRC WILL BEGIN HEARINOS WE WILL ASSEMBLE AT THE UNIV UNION PLAZA AT SIS AM. MARCH TO GRAND ^ MONTEREY TO BE JOINED BY A SIMILAR GROUP WALKING FROM MISSK3N PLAZA AND PROCEED TO THE DISCOVERY INN YOU WILL SE ABLE TO RETURN IN TIME TO MEET ».30 CLASSES
PLEASE JOIN US' YOU MAY NOT 1 HAVE ANOTHER CHANCE!

DIABLO CANYON E
Pcri'iic»l Action Club COPC«fn»<lC«l Tr.ly Ficulty »no Sl»M Ecology Act- tiub
OUNTRY
FrMay.'MqrlB.IMI



11416 6LA5S Me UPlVe LUALL
a
X VE SRPOT 9 LiDN6,60RlM6 ojeeks USTENIM6 TD ms ^ tBACHeR	NOHilM-
TT^

3:c/i*J'T-RH<E-mi5, 165TrA<siiiiy7TA
o
oliAV-r'M t^BAaV (3oMfJ/^ ^ocw-E cctow Ncu) ANp aer
mV rei^ finished
c>NCE-ANO fbR ALL'"
...f?l<9Hr AFT0^.X uPHVfaooM
OGAM

.»ANPf^E'WCC ...Mvcu^Mycuxei’. VACUUM Tie fU30i^, >\i4p wpnE scMEI^TTEf^, /Vsip...
I
ii-
•irrin^
M
EftHEP IWS CM6S HA610 ficnufme wet *I HAVE 10HNDr<EA icfiep
L

AHQ 3MiPTBmSTDS»fUrVft/^
. - TB\5.fpi»\y.
Vfs::
f|ft’lW---tt)IWsto)RP(i«l£M'? JOSTiftaWIZg WR -fiMe -me viW Au- auBSt
‘ ' PP.-
TITlTBrpuB
Tt3KdRRolO V
rSuorHcMewi»:
i
uiwocwr
imiiiK
Of1>WT
OK/Vi' SOW-LOOt^S U>:Ej r’M (aONNiA TO
CU
IT'S I06SAL Tb »ZOW A
uiawr oM A eicvcLE-.A^iZi^;
PNP MiaW'HCLPytf^	rtR
. ft A ^ y T
I

-me COMMOMITV li^iT IbR ^ PCCCMT fbU< If HCJC^ U«
>:CeP CiZCAKilMO T>ie

IM JUST DOIM’ MV JdB, SO»^^] ^AL>e A Mice 0^ NOM- j
nte(>0P
iHeaoop
--'»V

Pag* 6
Mustang Dally Friday, May 15,1961

Senate weathers flood of bills
BY MARY McAlister stall Wrtlar
The student senate continued to wade through the flood of new legislation introduced two weeks ago, as it passed two 1)1118 and one resolution and killed three other bills after considerable debate Wednesday
The board also postponed two proposals for fur-
ther revision as it attempted to clear its legislative agenda and make room for the upcoming budget hearings next week.
After examining documents on alternative financing and survey results on the effects of tuition, senators passed a resolution which indicates the ASl’s opposition to resident tuition for CSUC
Sen. ; abortion is killing
From page 1
"liet me take a homosexual,” Richardson l>egan. "What 1 mean is, let me discuss that first.” Me explained that he was not interested in dictating a homosexual's lifestyle, but. does not believe they should be allowed to teach children or hold most other jobs.
Regarding abortion, he said he l)S|,d been in com-municatioh with members of the medical community
u
who all maintained life l>egins at conception. “So, 1 believe abortion is killing,” he stated.
Richardson's opinion on marijuana was that it is debilitating, harmful, and he opposed its use. “Rut an adult who chooses to .screw up his body should have that right, as long as he isn't hurting others,” he added.'“It all gets down to infringement of others' rights. You can swing your arm all you want to, until it reaches my nose."
ENTERTAINMENT	
fiBSaD □ej 11^1 igoNTEftIVST $6.00 bargain matins« V first hour only. J	Thfe Fan 	 Lauren Bacall ancj James Garner wk. niteS'7;00, 9:00 wk. ends- 1:30, 3:15, 5:00, 7:00, 9:00
	
^44-3488 lAff adonna ITI Plaza theatre ^11 I'l' A . . I'll "1 M 1.1. !.. t U ‘j	Take This Job and Shove It 7:15, 9:15* R
/B44-3488 ^ MW adonna Plaza theatre V ■ ■ J	Happy Birthday to Me 7:00,9:10 R
/844-S488 MW adonna 1^1 Plaza theatre VL'..	 ' J	Ordinary People 7:00, 9:20 R
^468-4611 * ^ Pi“r„ « Cinema V Atascadero j	Raging Bull 7:00, 9:10 R
A4ea^ii niaia ITTwin Cinema V Atasoadere j	Every Which Way But Loose, and Any Which Way You Can 7:00
Í 4SS-SSS4 h FAIR OAKS Arroyo Grande ^Any a*ort anytlm* 99C^	Caveman 7:00,9:00 n ’ ’ PG
ÍT78-8444 BAY Theatre ^ Morro Bay ^	9 to 5 7:00, 9:15 PG AUi saais au. xnns 9t*
Great American Melodrama G3
SECRET SERVICE ,	R ^
May 8 - June 14	E a
Q B A Romantic Comedy set in the revolulionary war period. “ £ Full of mystery, intrijtue. and beauracratic bumhlinR. ^ C
You'll thouroufthly enioy it! Followed by VAUDEVILLE X REVIBW-withlots ol'fun, danccyinJyomedy.' For reserva-R tionscall 180-24<)<»	______________
K
students.
The	resolution
recognizes the need for additional financing in the state budget and will include a cover letter outlining recommended tuition alternatives, and it will l>e sent to the state legislature
The ASI attempted to remedy the problem of low student awareness of ASI by passing a bill which e.stablishes an educational campaign similar to the one staged before the fee increaseelection.
The bill delegates authority to the student relations board and student ativities information director to implement a full media campaign that will be funded by ASI and will attempt to educate students on the various services and programs of the ASI.
Three controversial bills were rejected by the body after considerable debate.
Two bills dealt with guidelines for approval or suspension of bylawed and coded groups and would have required either a biennial or yearly report and assessment of their programs. One bill propo.sed a $1.50 per member assessment for each club to defray T)usTness office costs, but this proposal was voted out of the bill before it and the other guidelines bill died due to a lack of a two-thirds majori-ty.
Another debate ensued over a bill to change the ASI election dates to the first two weeks of spring quarter and the filing period to the last two weeks of winter quarter.
The proposed budget was explained in detail by finance committee chair Peter Schuster, and Huff announced a special meeting Monday at 8 p.m. to hear budget appeals and iron out problems before approval next Wednesday.

«rt9 6k 1
as
gbuM adtli ita*l ' bubUa h sJuyiMg the bknrpip* i* ipw t«i g]«M fleet«! out„ '
Hedgee wpleig'iitht dhe of $he moet uBporUHt
ing i* not to latehe gleiw «eoi teo feet. "Tb* fliM4 /'jriiove fraetwei >t6o tnnu lur'iiiraiii ” r r
art <
ItirWI^^
fairly eet*bUsh*d«wrae ad|l*.a -fear years, aecordfa« t» «leedek. ....
“The stodMii* ha^ed to make thi^ lab.“ said Jarckh, who le a profee>-"' eiotial glaeehlowar. “It wa* a jpet buibflng it from the floor Tim atadk>, which ie located the pottery lab behind the Ki Uhmry. wae rooaotly enlarged
I new sanding and i'
. >
^thai
•r After «!
aMdeata ana art I dont draw hae etwtya.bajM friiii i
r '	^ ^9 9—■ «_	^ - — -

' 'i' r ■
I
tihri
trai>ad tèi
-
.a;-'

rtethâhaet*':
jm-	^hrtichaeidl
- - -
itlw	tèdi oorudea did»;
I to I
for
Students’ paper finishes first
Two Cal Poly students placed first in a technical paper competition held during the recent American Institute of Industrial Engineers Regional X student conference.
Terry Boczek of Ventura and Grace Saiki of Stockton presented their paper, titled “The Design of a Fabrication Line to Manufacture a Cylindrical Part, " at the conference held at the University of Texas, El Paso, in February.
Both industrial engineering majors, they competed
against students from six other universities, including Arizona State University and New Mexico State University.
The paper was a fall quarter project for a course on facilities design. Before entering the paper at the regional conference, the students won an award at the local American Institute of Industrial Engineers Senior Chapter.
The students' paper is now entered in competition for a national prize. The national rankings will be announced at the A HE national convention to be
held late next ntonth in Detroit.	< n
Saiki, a junior, is the daughter of Mrs. Shoko Saiki of Stockton. She graduated from Edison High School in Stockton in June 1978. She has received three scholarships since attending Cal Poly.
Boczek is a senior and the son of Mr. and Mrs. Louis Boczek of Ventura He is a 1977 graduate of Stj Bonventure High School in Ventura. He was chosen most outstanding undergraduate in industrial engineering during his sophomore year
Classifíed
All ClassHls* Ad« «r* prepaid In “bloclia'' ol t3.00 p«r •ach 3 llnaa par day. 3 linaa tor laur day« 1« St.OQ. $3.00 lor 3 linaa par Mock par day.
Mall dear copy and check le Muatang Daily. Cal Poly, SLO. $3407 or pay In advance at the Univaratty Caahlar. »
Announctmflnts
Paraonal. confidential birth control information. Singles or couples invited Make appt . front desk Health Center No Charge	(5-21)
4 Bdrm house $600 per month 2 Bdrm apt all utilities pd $400 $43 5092 after 5
(5-20)
Housing
LOST ANDFOUNDAND SURPLUS PROPERTY SALE Thera will be a aala ol unclaimed Loat and Found and Surplus property articles on Tuesday (May 10) between t:30 am and 3:00 pm in the University Warehouse Building no. 70. Tuesday will be used lor the receiving of bids. Bids will be comglled on Wednesday (May 20) and lists will be posted In the Warehouse, Admin Bldg, and UU Plaza All highest bidders will pickup Items on Thursday, (May 21) ONLY between Sam and 3:00pm. Friday (May 22) will be used for 2nd and 3rd highest bidders to claim Items not claimed be highest bidders. 2nd highest bld(i«rs will claim Items betvveen 8:00am and 11:00am and 3rd highest bidders will claim items between 12:30pm and 3:00pm Clothing, books, jewelry, calculators, typewriters, chairs, amplifiers, camera screen, cameras, floor polishing, machine, radial saw, microwave oven, and various miscellaneous Items wilt be available. The University reserves the right to reject any and all bids, A 6% sales tax will be added to all bid pricas.
(5-1?)
Apts tor lease 6-16-81 turn. 2 bedrm $430 or $460/mo 543 8517 or 544-5385 aft. 5	(5-19)
SHARE NEW CONDO. OWN LARGE BDRM ALL NEW FURN GARAGE. MANY EXTRAS. 10 MIN FROM POLY BY BIKE $200/ MO INCL UTIL. 6-15 THRU? 541-5071__________(5-15)
MOBIL HOMES. CONDOS Low Down Payment,
Low Interest Rates.
DELVAGLIO REALTY 543-6075.
(6-5)
ALL SUMMER ONLY $250 ea FURN APT-LG 1 BDRM (or 2(or 1 ) CLOSE TO POLY 544-5356
(5-20)
SUMMER POSITIONS Fine High Sierra girls camp seeks llve-in counselors (20-up) to teach English-Western Riding. Vaulting. Horse Care. Crafts, Stagecraft. Photo-Yearbook, Riflery, Water Ballet, Exper Refs ALSO Nurse (415) 967 8612
(5-22)
2 Bdrm Apt. FURNISHED 6-16 thru 9-16 CABLE, UTLES. PAID. BCKYRD, 546-4597 or 3225 or 4595
(5-20)
Services
Fmie roomate wanted (or smmr. Share room. Close to Poly. $90/mo 541-6055 Barb or Sue.
(5-20)
Thank you lor all your business! For all your Typing needs call Susie 528-7805	(6-5)
FOR RENT SUMMER 2 BDRM APT. SUNNY PATIO (3UIET 1 BLK FROM DWNTN SLO $300MO 541-5646	(5-15)
SUMMER AND FALL VILLA Split level, orte bdrm apt; pool, saurta, laurtdry, private patio and sundeck. $30(3fmo. smmr., $350/mo f$ll. Call 543-SWtM (MWF 5-7 best)
_____________________________(5/15)
Summer Apt. own room In 2 bdrm Apt. Pool, Jcuz util pd. Try $145/mo 541-4599 Mark
(5-21)
TYPfNO SERVICE IBM CORRECTING SELECTRIC BONNIE S4B0620 EVES.
No regret haircuts. Peta Chrtstie Harstyling. 846 Higuera 544-9613	(6-5)
LINDA’S TYPING SERVICE Reasonable rates-close to cairv pus. 541-1028 after 6pm.
(6-5)
Summer apt College Chalet 2 story, dishwasher, pool call Page, 544-0777.
(5-19)
Automotive
Female roommate needed. Apt. close to Poly. Pool, (urn. $100/summer, $150/fall. Ellen 546-4430.
(5-19)
Routine Maintenance? To run good your car must be maintained. Holloway's 543-5846
(5-15)
Amway Products-mean quality and personal service Try us and see. We deliver. Phor>e 541-1028 after 6 pm.
(5-22)
Help Wanted
TYPING SR-PRÛJECTS, ETC, REASONABLE RATES ROSEMARY $43-3441
(5-20)
Two or three bedroom apt. or house needed lor summer and or fall. Call Sue 541-2344
(5-19)
SMMR APT FURN. 2 BDRM 1Vi BTH 75 EA/4 PEOPLE 546-3573, 546-4697 (514)
$250 to $6000 mo.
Be your own boss, lull or part-time. Free training, distribute greatest ALL HERBAL weight loss $ nutrition program aver, sells Itself, earn 25-65? of gross from XERBALIFE•’ Co Phone Mr. Summer 1-(805)688-3537
(5-14)
For Sale
1977 Suzuki TS 250. Good con-diton. asking$6S0. Also marantz 2235B stereo receiver and BSR 710 turntable. Both in good con-d'ton Asking $225 for both Call Matt 544 7803.	(515)
Mustang Daily Friday, May 1 S, 1 Ml
Paga?
Huff might be back later
Exotic Bakersfield site for league track duel
BY ANDY BERGHER
Saacial to m# Dally All season long, Cad Poly head track coach Steve Miller has been telling us how good his team is this year, about all the depth on his squad, and how his team is going to destroy all opposition en route to the conference and national championships.
fhis weekend, we'll find out just how true the Words of Steve Miller are.
The Mustangs travel to exotic downtown Bakersfield for the California Collegiate. Athletic Association ^championships this afternoon and Saturday. At stake will be not only the conference title and bragging rights for a year, but also a legion of individual matchups that will most probably be replayed at the national championships in Macomb, 111. in two weeks.	--t,
For example, take the 1500 race. Please. Toeing the starting line will be Poly’s aces, Vernon Sajlax and Paul Medvin, along ' with the nation's top metric miler, Frank Assunima of Riverside, Matt Blaty and Pedro Reyes of Pomona, and Ken Haney of Bakersfteld. All six runners are capable of running 3:45 or better.
Another of those events that will have the fans on the edge of their seats will be the sprints, where Poly's Mark Kent and possibly Joe Siai Siai will clash with Northridge’s Steve Brodie the' former national sprint champion.
In fact, the entire Nor-thridge team will prove to be the Mustangs' biggest
pest at Bakersfield. The Matadors go two and three deep in each of the field events, and could heavily outscore Poly in the field events without winning an event. If Mu^ng Brian Paul wins the^^t put, as he’s expected ^ do, and Northridge geth second, third, and fifth, the Matadors would win the shot put, 18-10.
Said Miller, "According to the conference listing alone, Northridge could score 14 in the long jump, 17 in the triple jump, 12 in the discus and 21 in the hammer. They could be competitive without winning an event.”
Aside from the key matchups, Miller, as always, is looking for his athletes to continue improving, and to return to the form they were in before the onslaught of invitationals took some of the "oomph” out of the season. But this is somewhat like the case of the person who had nose siu-gery, but was afraid to take off the bandages for fear that his nose won't come out just as he wanted.
One of the ironies of the conference meet is that Miller and friends won’t be able to show off the depth on the team. In 1981, 41 individuals and two relays have qualifîed for the na-tiohals, yet the Mustangs can take only 28 athletes to the conference meet.
With the conference title on the line. Miller won’t fiddle around ~ with his lineup. Doug Avrit, a 5000 nmner in the nationals, will run the 10000 in Bakersfield, while senior
coupon!
FREE LARGE ICED TEA with purchase of a Burrito Supreme or a Beefy Tostada Offer good thru May 31 st please present coupon
281 Santa Rosa
GIVING
Who wants to be ihe next Mustang Daily Advertising Manager?
•Advertising Sales & Layout •Sales Management •Public Relations
To apply Submit written application to: Sara
Kachadoorlan Mustang Dally 846-1143
Deadline May 18
Manny Bautiata, will do just the opposite.
Another missing Mustang will be school record holder Ivan Huff who is the nation’s leading steeplechaser. Huff won’t run in Bakersfield, and Miller has him down as questionable for the nationals. Huff is still plagued by mononucleosis and strep throat.
Sports
Three gymnasts named all-league
Three members of the Cal Poly gymnastics team have been selected to the Southern California Athletic Association All-League team. Andy Proctor, the Mustangs’ coach, was voted the coach-of-the-year.
Coach reflects on banner year
Despite a rugged finish. Cal Poly baseball coach Berdy Harr had nothing but praise for "one of the best clubs in history.”
Cal Poly ñnished the year 31-16-1 overall and 14-'14 in the California Colegiata Athletic Association.
“I think the 1981 team has been as good a club as we’ve ever had or will evkr have at Cal Poly. It’s difficult to get as strong a nucleus of experienced ballplayers together as we
** Wa eewl
IlMU vtSlO	( nv VMa%t>
Included in that number is shortstop Craig Gerber (.322) "who performed at a high level of consistency as he has all year,” Harr said, and left fielder Eric Peyton (.329), who went 6-for-9 in Saturday’s double header against Chapman. "And
let’s give Mark Bersano a big pat on the back, too," the coach added, for'his four-hit shutout against the Panthers Friday and pitching as well as he did Sunday against the Toros. Bersano was 7-2 and a 2.30 ERA.
"The season went pretty much as anticipated," said Harr. “We had a good team and a good year in a tough league. The CCAA is kind of an unknown Pacific 10. Baseball is high on the priority lists of tlw schools in the league.”
"I think the CCAA is easily on a par with the Southern California Baseball Alliance or the Northern California Baseball Alliance,” said Harr, whose Mustangs were 8-1 against teams from those two Division I conferences.









\




itac'

bikini FACTOBT
UNEQUALLgn SEL^T'?^
South of Santa Barbara
2275 ORTEGA HILL ROAD 969-2887 SUMMERLAND, CALIFORNIA 93067,
OPEN 7 DAYS
•	Pool 4 Jacuzzi-Proof Swimwear Heat & Chlorine Resistant
•	AM Sizes • Separates • D Cups
Susan King was the top all-around performer for the Mustangs, and scored 31.65 in the conference meet. Donna Haas (31.55) and Pam Dickey (31.30) also were select^ to the first team all-league. The Mustangs won the SC A A conference in mid-March.
Cal State Northridge, who placed fourth in the league, had two athletes selected. Kim Gardner was the top gynmast with a 34.25 score. Susie Freeman (33.0) was the other Matador named. Cal Poly Pomona’s Cindy Sunnar-borg (31.70) rounded out the six-member team.
The Mustangs enjoyed their finest season ever in 1981. Besides capturing the team’s first SCAA crown, Proctor’s squad placed 11th in the Mustangs’ first appearance at the AIAW Division II Nationals.
Proctor is the third coach from Cal Poly to be honored by the SCAA this year. Lance Harter was named coach of the year for cross country, while Mike Wilton was selected for volleyball.
Poly puts on national track bid
The second day of competition in the three-day AIAW Division II National Championship track meet has been scheduled today in Pisnnsylvania.
The Cal Poly women’s team will have Eileen Kraemer in the 3,000 meter semifinals, Chris Dubois in the heptathlon, Liz Strangio and Becky Bonsel in the 10,000 finals and' Dana Henderson in the shot put in action today.
Ck>ach Lance Harter’s squad completed the regular season undefeated.
Cal Poly has three athletes ranked No. 1, according to a recent Divi-, sion II poll. Kraemer is the favorite in the 1500, with an entry time of 4:26.8, with teammate Amy Harper ranked third (4:33.0). Karin Smith is the leading contender in the javelin, while Dubois, only a sophomore, is first in the heptathlon (4847 points).
Only the top six finishers in each event score team points, and earn All-American status. Winners, who have surpassed the Division I standards, are riigible to advance to the higher level of competition. Liz Stangio in the 5000 and 10,(X)0 meters, Oowley in the 5,000 meters. Smith and Sue McNeal in the high jump have already bettered the entry time.
SUMMER STORAGE PROBLEMS?
Ask about our Mini-Vaults DENNIS TRANSFER 2885 So. Higuera 543-3434
Gold Margarita A Buck a Glass Nightly
^souRowN
Dancing Wed Thru Sat
from 9 to closing Patío Open Friday | 4 p.m. to Dusk
Opinion
Pagai
Muatang DaNy Friday, May 11, IMI
Man for the job?
The man who holds the position of Secretary of the Interior is'charged with both the preservation and development of public lands—roughly one-fifth of all the land in the United ' States, or more than four hundred million acres, most of it in the West and Alaska. He administers mining leases, decides the fate of one billion acres on the outer continental shelf, manages 300 national parks and is charged with preserving endangered species.
Such a man should hold the environment, the natural beauty of our national heritage, above short-term profit and out of the reach of those sections of private industry that have no concept of the value of life, of health, of the true glories of our earth.	^
Secretary of the Interior James Watt has proven time and again he lacks the empathy with nature to hold this position. Since his appointment, he has:
—halted expenditure of funds for the acquisition of land for national parks, including parks whose purchase Congress has already authorized.
—fired the entire professional staff of the Council on Environmental Quality, whose function is to see that federal agencies carry out the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act.
—plans to open up 100 million acres of federal land in Alaska for oil and gas leases by the end of the year,' despite the lack of time to do federally mandated environmental studies.
—has opened up sections of the California coast for oil and ' gàs drilling while ignoring the state's recommendations and pushing aside federal laws protecting rafé species such drilling would endang^^'‘He has also hinted he will allow drilling in marine sanctuaries.
—proposes to make it easier for companies to strip mine without facing the cost of reclaiming the area.
—proposes to legalize “denning": going into coyote dens and clubbing the cubs to death.	'
—backs weakening of air- and water-pollution contrpls. —backs weakening of laws forbidding the hunting and importing of rare species.
The people Walt has chosen and endorsed to surround him in Washington damn him as much as his actions:
— Anne Gorsuch, radically pro-development, to head the Environmental Protection Agency.
—William Coldiron, former general counsel of the Montana Power Co., as solicitor of the Interior Department.
—John Crowell as head,of the Forest Department, the largest public-land manager outside Interior. Crowell is a former lobbyist for one of the country’s largest timber cutters and has frequently denounced the Forest Service and its goal of setting aside forests for wilderness areas.
Actions are usually louder than words, but Watt’s words , sufficiently condemn him:
"We have already protected most of the truly unique lands."	^
"I will err on the side of public versus preservation.”
"What is the real motive of the extreme environmentalists who appear to be determined to accomplish their objective at whatever cost to society? Is it to simply protect the environment? Is it to delay and deny energy development? Is it to weaken America?”
"We will use the budget system to be the excuse to make majSr policy decisions.”
"I’m out to make decisions and I will make them quickly...! make lots of mistakes 'cause I make a lot of decisions.”
“No other Secretary of the Interior, in recent times at least, has had a president who understands my department like Ronald Reagan does...When I said, ‘I want to do this, I want to do that,’ he replied, ’Sic ’em.’ ”
"We must inventory the land and it doesn’t matter if it's covered with trees, grass or water.”
"We have institutionalized the environmental movement. We have done a good job of that, so these preservationist groups have got to preserve themselves. They must look for a cause.”
Anyone who thinks environmentalists must actually search out a cause to fìght for, as if there aren’t enough thrown in their faces, clearly should not be Interior Secretary. Moves are underway to get him dismissed by Congress, and petitions are circulating to that effect. Sign one, circulate a few—they are available at ECO—SLO, 985 Palm St., San Luis Obispo.
Watt was in his niche as advisor for the pro-development Mountain States Legal Foundation. Help him find his home, his place in society—send him packing from the Interior Department.
lb 'r>^€ vcRy ext^niHcs’oAjsiZAcui
T>cymínunNé,sopnim€Ara>uJeAPoNsMH9r (FOOMetf/^tS
(PRtf^r^SvCK’OG^lNf THeV HAVC f7#?E3>M»53UE5 AT OUR AtRCRArr.
f 7H/S	"THr PEAttíf PERILTH/KT
. -7?/r5g Missucs pgyr	iyi?Ao.f

Letters
Active anti-nuclear support needed
Eklitor:
Next Tuesday the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission begins what may well be the final hearings on whether Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant should be issu^ a low-power test license. How can the meml^s of the Cal Poly community who are opposed to the licensing effectively express their feelings?
1.	Sign the petitions circulating on campus and in town which call attention 'to the lack of emergency evacuation plans and emergency medical facilities for the area land, for that matter, as far as is known, for the campusl;
2.	Be at a special rally next Monday night at the Mission from 7:30 to 8:30;
3.	Take part in a march next Tuesday morning which will leave from the U.U. Plaza at 8:20 for the Discovery Inn where the hearings will be held (you will be able to be back on campus in time for your 9:30 classesl.
Recently, the NRC has "proposed regulations that would significantly reduce the public's right to gather information for use at licensing hearings.” The former Chair, Joseph Hendrie, has asked Congress to provide legislation to speed up the licensing process including "permitting the MRC to authorize/fuelloading and low-power testing of nfw reactors before licensing hearings are completed." Within the past week the Administration has proposed a new chair for the conunission, thus attempting to fill a vacancy and allowing the entire commission to vote on all matters under its jurisdiction.
Because of the qiecial conditions surrounding Diablo Canyon there will be national news coverage of the hearings and related events. A solid turnout is crucial to the success of the rally and the march. Your active inipport is needed now!	RichaH Kranxdorf
Co-Chair
Concerned Cal Poly Faculty and Staff
Mustang Daily policy
Letters and press releasee may be submitted to the Mu» tang Daily by bringing them to the Mustang office in Room 226 of the Graphic Arts Building, or sending them to Editor, Mustang Daily, GrC 226, Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, CA 93^7.* Leturs m\ist be ty^. include writers' signatures and telephone numbers.
Press releases must be submitted at least a week befors they should be run. All releases must include phone numbers and names of the people or organizations involved, in case further information is needed.
Editors reserve the right to limit, condense, rewrite and edit press relMses^ they receive.
Mustang Daily
Editor..................Andrew Jowars	General Maneger...........Cecil Roapaw
Managing Editor.........Tom Johnaon	Advertising Manager... Sara Kachadoortan
EdHortal Assistant...Kattwyn McKsnils Asst. Advertising Mgr........Paula Drazak
Editorial Assistant........MIksOarroll Circulation..............‘..Mike Dawson
EdHortal Assistant.......RalphThomas	Printed on eee^tm ty
Sports EdHor............Vsm Ahrsndss	UnNereltf OrapMc Si^iesis
Photo Director............DanStemau PubMtiag Manager..............TammySame
OMCUUMeS; sewrtWiwa maWfWt pi«m»S hwatn MMir tor intorwtottortol purpoM* Suee prtolins to not to to oen. »trwto to to —p toPMd or liwWtoa wiSorputorrt ar itortHcp-Iton ol •uc^ cotrwitorctoi itoniiKW to Ww Joumaham Otowlmani or CoMottmo ^«ifMchtMc Stow Untvoroto. SoirLuto Obtopo PuMtoTtod tour timao a rwaa itoruig irta achooi raar aacapl •rotidaya arto aaton panoda to toa Joumalwm Oapartmant.	CiWamta todytootoVc Stato UntoaraNy. Sto Urto Obtoso. CaNtomto Prtoiad by aliidanM mtoortnt to SrapMe Cato ffluntoottona Optotona aiproaaad to tota Sapar to ats«ad assortoli and anictoa ara toa «ton« al toa aattar and do na« aaoaaianty lapraaani toa optotona al toa alaS or too «oara ot ma Joumaitoffi Oapartwanl nar ometol optoton Unaignad adilartoia rariaet toa mayorlty «la« al toa touatoito OaHy Fdrtortol Seard.
*d«ortiamg ralaa on toquaat. MS 1144. or Muaung Daily offica. QrapMc Pda Switdins Soom 2M	at'ihawd «ito Maadar a Dipa«i Fund ana San Frartotoca E •a'rxnaf Sanai.i Fund Vwnbar CaMorma totorcottoomia toaaa Aaaociaiion Mambar o( Aaaoetotad Fraoa