Mustang Daily
( iiüturiiia INtl\lcchiii( Slalr l iii\frsil\. San l.uis()bis|)»»
Volume 49, No. 97
Monday, April 15,1985
U.S. policy in Central America inconsistent
«Ri
Reporter tells firsthand views of fighting,civil war

Raymond Bonner, a New York Times reporter in El Salvador, spoke to a crowd
JIM ADAMS/Muttang Daily
of 400 at Cal Poly about his feelings on the U.S. involvement in Central America
Attack imminent, say men in Reservoir Canyon case
By THOMAS WILLIAMS
Staff Writer
Police reports released to the public revealed that the four men indicted on murder charjies in the shooting death of a man in Reservoir Canyon l)elieved that they were under attack the morning of the killing
Joseph K; Leonard. Krik J. Nelson, both Cal Poly students, Timothy R Ryan, a PC-diK employee and David K Rund, a previous F’oly student currently enrolled at Cuesta College, were charged with the murder of Mariano Francisco Rey, a Vietnam War veteran described by police as a transient.
Dorian Hawkins was sharing
the campsite with Rey and is believed to be the only witness to the shooting. Hawkins told police that he awoke before the shooting started and heard voices across the creek
"They said Shut up or you'll wake those guys up.' " Hawkins told police. Thinking it was some friends coming to visit. Hawkins lit a candle and then a flury of shots flew into the campsite, he said. Hawkins told police that he then yelled, "I'll kill you I'll kill you "
In the reports, Rund told police that he thought he heard a gunshot aimed at them after Hawkins' shoutsawid they all hit the ground for cover. He said he
thought they had stumbled onto some marijuana growers.
The four men told police they thought they were under attack and waited there for about 90 minutes, until things quieted down
They fired several shots before walking out of the canyon to let people know they were coming out. Rund told police
Rey died from a 22 caliber bullet wound to the head Sixteen pellets from a 12-guage shotgun were also found in Rev's skull, reports said
Rund told piolice that Nelson had a .22 rifle and Ryan had a .44-caliber pistol.
By KRISREHER
Staff Writer
Abolishing leftist governprients is the bottom line of the U.S. policy in Central America, a former New York Times reporter told a crowd of about 400 people Thursday night in Chumash Auditorium.
Raymond Bonner, one of the first American journalists to report from behind the guerrilla lines in El Salvador, feels the United State's involvement in El Salvador is based on political ideologies.
"Forget about commercial economic interest or national security.” Bonner said. “W/e have no national reasons to go into El Salvador. The whole thing is based on ideology."
Bonner's book. "Weakness and Deceit — U.S. Policy in El Salvador, " recently on the Robert F. Kennedy Book Award, documenting the evolution of U.S. policy toward El Salvador. Bonner said the U.S. response to Nicaragua is to overthrow the Sandinistas, or have them "cry uncle," Bonner said, quoting President Reagan in a recent press conference.
Bonner described the U.S backed Contras as originally a band of misfits. "The CIA took a rag-tag group of bandits and developied a very tough guerilla army, " Bonner said. "W'e've trainned them, given them equipment and even a manual in assassination."
President Reagan called the Contras freedom fighters, but Bonner said he had some problems equating the Contras with America's founding fathers. "1 don't recall the founding fathers raping and pillaging villages, slitting people's throats or having manuals to hire criminals to assassinate people."
Bonner said there are many misconceptions regarding the Sandinista and Contra armies Stories of 100,000 Nicaraguan soldiers are false Bonner said. There are 40,000, which is 10,000 less than that of El Salvador.
Other inaccuracies Bonner said, include the quality of weapons the Sandinistas are receiving,
"Tanks we're hearing about can't even make it up a small grade," Bonner said. "And the Nicaraguan air force is a threat — to anyone that has to fly in their planes."
In addition to the threat of Communism, Bonner said the United States is supporting El Salvador because America is told that Nicaragua is a totalitarian dungeon. Secretary of State George Shultz said the country was behind the iron curtain. Bonner posed the question, "In what iron curtain country is there a newspaper that is vicious against the Sandinista government?"
"Soviet entrepreneurs would salivate at the opportunities in Nicaragua," Bonner said. "That's not to say Nicaragua is a democracy." Bonner feels the question is not what type of
‘Our policy in Central America is illegal, inconsistent and ill-advised. In Central America we stand naked and ashamed before the nations of the world.’ Raymond Bonner
government a country has. but what right does the United States have to overthrow a political policy that does not agree with its own.
Bonner said the best statement regarding U.S. foreign policy in El Salvador came from an P-piscopal bishop, who said, "Our policy in Central America is illegal. inconsistent and ill-advised. In Central America we stand naked and ashamed before the nations of the world."
ASI presidential candidates assess the Foundation
By GREGG SCHROEDER
sue Wrttar
Greater	student
understanding of the Cal Poly Foundation and a stronger student voice in the distribution of its surplus funds are among the goals of the three ASI presidential candidates.
Candidate John Carroll, a speech communication major, said that students don't know enough about the Foundation.
Carroll. 21, cited studying the Foundation's profit and loss statements as his first priority in regard to the cor pornt inn
"!t '•< ne<'fs>^.iu \ t” find uu' how. ! '.■■h : cih> •.	; .”c	:..i\ •'
.■	•	' kt’ “	I ',111 ’ :
d like ■■	■ re I I,.
niDhei, c.i' >o ' li'r cluiiinel.s
than just what President Baker wants."
Candidate Steve Dunton, a 22-year-old electronic engineering major and currently a student senator, said
. .. w 'J

\
that despite the fact that students deal with the Foundation daily through such operations as food services and F.l Corral Book.store. there IS little student understanding of the 'forkings ot t he non |irot't i-.ir p'l.ation that, in add'ti''n t -•pri . iditig , ainpu.'- --e'\ n *•.. also raises lutiils for the iiiii
versity through donations and investments. Students have little control over Foundation, Dunton said, because there is only one student member on the nine-member board of directors.
“One voice in nine isn't a whole lot," Dunton said.
The student representative, currently business administration major Lori Dematteis, is nominated by the deans of the different schools and then selected by President Warren Baker. Dunton said
President Baker said he is w riling to I'tiange this (selec-' !■ I' I'1 IS-"' lui '■ d It I." s ,p , .r :lie St ud* It
■>. . ;H ' I < u In I . '	■ ■ 'd add. I ,g
I ti.'it hr f ml (■ H I esolution
that was passed in March urging Baker to change the selection guidelines.
Dunton, who said he feels there should be more students on the board, added he would like to see the student body have a voice in the allocation of the monies the Foundation takes in. He estimated that two-thirds of these funds are generated from students who patronize the Foundation-run Campus services.
"It's our money,” Dunton said. "I think we should have some say as to where that money grx's
Current Iv Baker makt«. recominerulH11('I'-i a« to Ik'A the ex.e'.'- funds will he -•peiU. Dunton .--uid. -Xl .iaii .lose .'■¡tale Urmersitv, the
surplus goes into an “unallocated reserve, " and campus groups make requests as to how the money will be spent. Students make the final decision at the ballot box, Dunton said.
“Students voted to pay for their recreation facility " at San Jose State, he said, and at California State University, Chico "students have control of the whole operation.”
Dunton said he would like the Foundation to be more accountable to students.
"The Foundation does a lot of good things, but that doesn't mean we have to overlook other things or not ask ()uesti"n«," I )unt on said
Please see CANDIDATES, page 3

Page 2
Mustang Dally Monday, AprIMs, iggj
Is graduation for the students?
'I'he iron fist of President Warren J. Baker strikes again. This time he is using it on students.
It seems if Baker doesn’t like the way someone does something — no matter who it is — big changes are soon to follow.
Now it’s one of the duties the ASl president — the person elected to represent students — that Baker has decided to cut into.
It has been a tradition that the ASI president speak at graduation — it was one of the rights that went along with the job. But Baker apparently didn’t like the speech of Jeff Sanders, last year’s ASI president.
So Baker decided an ASI president would not speak at graduation again. He made his decision without talking to the students. (He says it was recommended by the Commencement Committee, but no record of that exists.)
Last summer Baker sent a memo to current ASI president Kevin Creighton stating the right of the ASI president to speak at graduation would be taken away. Instead, a student would be chosen based on a academic criteria he outlined in the memo.
Who is graduation for: students and parents or Baker and friends?
Baker didn’t need the ASI President to “resign” his elected right, since it was only a Cal Poly tradition. It was just taken away.
Yes, graduation does expose the university to the community, but that doesn’t take away that graduation is mainly for students. If Baker wants a graduating student with a good academic record to speak, add one to the program.
Yes, graduation is long, but a much higher percentage of the ceremony is taken up by non-students speaking than students.
The representatives from various school councils have suggested the ASI president speak if that person is graduating.
The Mustang Daily Editorial Board suggests that the Student Senate respond the same way. The ASI president should be allowed to speak; it is one thing students elect him to do.
If Baker wants to add one of the academic winners from one of the seven schools, there is always room for another student speaker.
President Baker, talk to students about changes. Commencement, after all, is for us, not you.
We want the ASI president to speak at graduation.
The Curry trial: a different perspective
Letters.
On Tuesday, April 9. the Mustan/i Daily published an article by Janet Altieri, who was introduced in an editor's note as a ffuest opinion writer. Altieri's article concerned the pending trial of Kenneth Curry, or more specifically some of the actions which have been taken regarding Curry s case as he awaits trial for the 1984 murders of Cal Poly students Viola Ada and Steven Braun.
That the Mustann Daily encourages opinion from outside the campus community is commendable and it is clearly
attorney representing the Telegram-Tribune. The District Attorney argued that, because of the highly sensational nature of this case in this community, pre-trial publicity would make it difficult to impanel an unbiased and impartial jury. By presenting this argument the District Attorney was not only trying to protect his case, he was arguing to protect the Sixth Amendment rights of the defendant to “a speedy and public trial by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed.”
Reader Viewpoint
understood that when such writings appear they do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the editorial staff. The Mustang Daily should, however, take the responsibility to assure that the writings which are presented to its readers, even those published as opinion, are at least factually correct. There were some very misleading factual errors in .Altieri's article which need to be corrected.
■Altieri wrote that the files in the Curry case were "ordered sealed by the District Attorney despite complaints that no com-[lelling reason had lieen given to,., justify the action ' The District Attorney does not have the authority to seal files which are public record in this case or any case; such action can only lie taken by the Court. The files in the Curry case were ordered sealeckby Municipal Court Judge Donald Umhoffer in an op>en court proceeding at the request of t he District Attorney s office.
Also in court that day was an
The attorney for the Telegram-Tribune in turn argued that pre-trial publicity did not necessarily threaten the Court’s ability to impanel an impartial jury, that a remedy through a change of venue would exist if it was later determined to be impossible to impanel an impartial jury, and that the public’s right to know the facts in this case outweighed the District Attorney's concerns about publicity Judge Umhoffer found in favor of the District Attorney and ordered sealed all records in the Curry case which had not already iHHm made public. THe Court's order will remain in effect only until Curry is actually brought to trial, at which time the records will l>e opened and the public and the press will have access to them.
In cases such as this, the Court must determine if the dangers inherent in prior restraint of the press are outweighed by a clear and present danger threatening some greater right. Judge
Umhoffer apparently decided that Curry 's rights to a fair trial, conducted locally, were of greater importance than the public's right to have access to information about the case before the start of the trial. It must be understood that Judge Umhoffer’s action did not prohibit access to the records by Curry or his attorney. The defendant's access to the prosecution's records is assured by the right of discovery. In San Luis Obipso County the discovery process is automatic and a copy of the case records is presented to every defendant during the initial stages of the pre-trial procedures.
Altieri wrote that “both the suspect's Sixth Amendment rights and the First Amendment rights of the press have been compromised.” This is clearly not the case. The First Amendment prohibits passage of any law abridging the freedom of the press. Temporarily sealing the records of the Curry case was accomplished through due process of law and by and order of the Court. The decision has not been appealed. The records of subsequent pre-trial proceedings, such as the preliminary hearing, have also been ordered sealed.
The same arguments were presented by the same attorneys, the same judgment was made, and that decision has not been appealed. .-\lt hough it is safe to assume that the Telegram-Tribune is not particularly happy with the Court's decisions, its editors and attorney apparently do not feel that the Court has violated the First Amendment. The Telegram-Tribune, in fact, has for the most part demonstratcni commendable restraint in accepting the spirit of the Court's
Please see VIEWPOINT, Page 3
More parking not the answer
Editor:
One of the major issues that has been brought into the upcoming ASI election is the “parking problem." I ask the students at Cal Poly: Do we have a parking problem or an automobile problem? So far, the issue has been the creation of more parking, rather than the issue of eliminating the congestion, smog and confusion of the automobile.
Every day 1 come to school (on my bicycle) and am inundated with far too many automobiles on campus. 1 have noticed that most of these cars contain only one person who, more likely than not, lives less than a rtiile away from campus. WHY?
Creating more available parking would only encourage more people to use their cars. I say: I.et's not add more asphalt to our beautiful campus. Let's all work together to consolidate the number of cars on campus and eliminate the automobile problem
There are many arguments for not building more parking: added cost to the university and students. depletion of land that could be put to other uses, not to mention the added traffic on campus. Fewer cars can be equated with less oil consumption. less smog, less congestion on campus, easier mobility for those using alternative transpor-
tation (i.e. bicycles, walking, mopeds, buses), and people might get some exercise in the process
I urge the candidates for ASI offices to take issue with the extension of parking on campus. Rather, be creative and push for new ideas to reduce the number of cars being driven to campus 1 have some suggestions:	, ^
•Convert parking closest to the inner-core of campus into car pool parking. Sell piermits for these areas at reduced rates.
•Raise parking permit fees for those who live within the San Luis Obispo city limits.
•Conduct promotion to en courage the use of alternative modes of transportaiion: Provide free concerts for those who do not drive to school; pass our buttons to those who ride bikes or walk to sRcool and conduct raffles each month for those people for some type of prize; put flyers on cars in the campus parking lots stating the advantages of not driving to school or car pool ing.
•Provide rebates of .ASI fit--for those students who do n -: purchasse parking permil s
1 could go on, but rny point ; that there are many allernaliM-^ to the automobile probli'in besides building more parking I charge the candidates to take a stand against additional parking Let's not pave over the beauty that sets Cal Poly apart from other campuses.
Bob
Mustang Daily
Editorial Board
DISCLAIMER
DAILY POUCY
Margarita Mllla Kavin H. Fox Suaan Dathlofaan OonaM Munro MIchaal Manor John Bachman Taroaa Ng L. Joann Saromt NIahan Hovandflan Elloon Bony Printed on campus OavoOthind David Ellman NIckI Duoabofg Laura Ward Scott Baudor
Editor Managing Editor Asst Managing Editor Asst Managing Editor Special Sections Editor Sports Editor Photo Editor Genarat Managor Faculty Advisor Advertising Manager by Univeralty Graphic Systems General Manager Publishing Managor Asst Mgr Newspaper Production Asst Mgr Typesetting Asst Mgr Web Operations
Advertising materials printed herein solely tor informational purposes Such printing is not to be construed as an expressed or implied endorsement or verification ot such commercisi ventures by the Journalism Department or California Polytechnic Stale University San Luis Obispo
Published five times a week during the academic year except holidays and exam periods by the Joumattsm Department
Printed by students majoring In Graphic Communications Opiniona expressed in this paper in signed editorials and articles are the views of the writer and do not necessarily represent the opinions of the staff or the views of the'Journalism Department nor officiai opinion Unsigned editorials reflect the majority view of the Mustang Daily Editorial Board
Advertising rales on request $46-1144. or Mustang Daily office Graphic Arts Building. Room. 226
The Mustang Daily encourages reader's opinions, criticisms and comments on news stories, letters and editorials. Letters and press releases should be submitted at the Daily office in Rm. 226 of the Graphic Arts Building, or sent to: Editor, Mustang Daily, GrC 226, Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo. CA 93407 Letters should be kept as short as possible, must be double-space typed and must Include the writers' signatures and phorre numbers To ensure that they be considered for the next edItloB, letters should be submitted to the Dally office by 10 a.m. Editors reserve the right to edit letters for length and style and omit libelous statements. Letters will not be printed without the author's name. Press release should bo submitted to the Daily office at least a week before they should be run. All releases must include phone numbers and names of the people or organizations involved. In case more information is needed. Unsigned editorials reflect the viewpoint of the Mustang Daily Editorial Board.
Mustang OaHy Monday, April IS, 1985
Dpinion.
Pag*3—
lEWPQINT
I-rom Pag* 2
' locisipn and has not resorted to I )ublishing speculation in place of act.
Curry's Sixth Amendment ights have not been compromis-[sd but have been carefully pro-f.ected. The judicial process is proceeding at a reasonably hpeedy pace with any delays paving occurred at the request of he defense. The trial will be [jubbc and every effort has been I nade to assure that Curry is ried by an impartial jury in the [listrict where the crime was rommitted. It is Curry's right hot to have to seek a change of |Venue but to be tried locally. A hange of venue is not a remedy
0	be sought casually.
True, as Altieri wrote, it •reates an inconvenience for at-orneys and witnesses and it is [in expensive burden for the tax-i)ayer to bear. But it also creates
1	hardship for the defendant, [vhose attorney's time is taken 1 ip by travel and who is often
ienied bv distance the most )asic creature comfort of having f'utsule vjsitors during in-arceration. It is important to loie that i'urry s (wn attorney not protested the District Attorneys actions to seal the ecords of this ca.se. apparently [ifereeing that it was in his lient's best interests to do so.
Altieri wrote that “our com-I nunity has a right to examine urther evidence to determine [vhether or not these assertions ■onstitute sufficient evidence . . . o hold one of its citizens pending [i local trial." It is not the role of he community to make this [letermination, it is the role of^ he Court. The Court has already . ulfilled this responsibility in Jurry's case; the result of the [)reliminary hearing, when such hings are considered, was that here was sufficient evidence [iresented to justify bringing [;^urry to trial.
That the community has the t ight to examine the'evidence is [lot'the point in question. What rnust be considered is at what [joint the rights of the communi-y and the rights of the defen-llant are best in balance. It must |je remembered that the interests [jf'the community are. strongly ! epresented on both sides of this jjalance, for the community has a trong interest in seeing that the i lefendant receives a fair trial. If.
fler a fair trial, Curry is found innocent, the obvious implication fs that the actual jjerpetrator is till at large, creating a threat to he community. If. on the other [ land. Curry is found guilty but lis conviction is later overturned jjecause his trial in some way was jiot fair, he becomes a threat to he community again and an ex-1 lensive burden if he is re-tried.
A last factual error was com-[nitted by Altieri when she Ivrote, "one of our citizens is be-
ing incarcerated without a chance to reveal evidence that might prove him innocent.” Curry is not being denied the right to present any evidence in his behalf; he can and will present his evidence in the proper forum, his trial. By making this statement Altieri essentially confirms the argument presented by the District Attorney when he requested that the records be sealed, that if the evidence was released to the pubUc this case would be tried in the press rather than in the courtroom.
There are additional statements in Altieri's article which cannot be demonstrated to be in error, just as they cannot be considered fact.' They are speculation and it is proper that they be labeled as such, lest a reader be misled, Altieri wrote that there is an "abundance of confused and vague ballistics in-, formation" developed by testing the weapons taken from Curry. The results of the ballistics tests were included in the investigative reports which were sealed; there is at thLs tmie no way of knowing the„nature and content of those reports and certainly no way of knowing if thev are confused and vague.
,\llieri also wrote that, in ordering that the records of the case l)e sealed, the gag is placed not on evidence that' might prejudice the public regarding the suspect's possible guilt, but rather on what might prove his potential innocence.” This is pure speculation, for none except the parties directly involved have knowledge of what is included in those reports and what they will or will not prove.
The conflicts between the public's right to know and a defendant's right to a fair trial or a victim's right to privacy are inherent in our system of government. They are conflicts which will not be resolved easily or quickly, although they seem always to be under consideration by our courts and legislatures. To express one's opinion about such matters, as Altieri has done and as I am doing now. is healthy, but only when that which is presented as fact is indeed factual In the physical sciences it is true that discovery and progress is built on speculation; in matters of the social sciences, however, we are neither so burdened nor so blessed with absolutes and lo speculate, especially about things which are known but simply have not been revealed to us. is irresponsible.
Editor's note: Patti L Wilhelm is president of the California Lau Enforcment Association of Records Supervisors, and has worked for the Cal Poly Department of Public Safety for five years. Her views do not necessarily reflect those of the Mustang Daily Editorial Board.

‘■M
FREE SPINAL EXAMINATION
"lohciiton Chiroproc-tic Clmic Inc 'is sponsoring o spinal check up and -Sfoliosis Screening pipgrom as d~pi'iblic service Inn., service will include consultation' physicoi e>aminatio'' C'") o report ot bndings
WARNING SIGNS OF SPINAL MISALIGNMENTS

Recurring Headaches Diuiness, llurred Vision Neck, Shoulder I Arm Poin low lock 4 Leg Pain Poin letween Shoulders
Numbness in Hands 4 Arms loss of Sleep Difficult Ireothing Numbness in Legs 4 Feet

If you suffer from any of these warning signs coll immediately to prevent possible advancing complications This Free Spinal public service is for a limited time only, by appointment, please ____^	Please meijtioo ad at ti%ie of *isit
For An Appointment Call S41-2727

jjp - Johnston Chiropractic Clinic
Palmer Graduate 11 SO Grove Street San Luis Obispo
HEY CAL POLY!

ARE
YOU?
GET PAID THIS SUMMER TO EIND OUT
■ • Physical litncss pcrtcctiuh
•	Scholarship CAimpclition
•	Intensive Leadership'rrainini:
No obligation-just a lot of rewards
UNITED STATES ARMY ROTC ADVENTURE TRAINING CAMP MAJOR MIKE ROBINSON 546-2371/2372
BE ALL YOU CAN BE
"1
SPEED Y DELIVER Y Quality Food At A Quality Price
One item on a 18 " JUMBO PIZZA and
two soft drinks.
One coupon per pizza. Expires 4/29/85	^
549-8616
$8.00
Popper Jack *s Pizza
Pag« 4
Sports
Mustang Daily . Monday, April is, 19SS
Even five-time winnar impressed
Golf amateurs perform well early In Masters
BY HAL BOOK
AP Sports Wfllsf
AUGUSTA, Ga. (AP) - Jack Nicklaus had reached the 15th green in the first round of the Masters golf tournament when he casually glanced up at the leader board.
There, staring back at him from ” line of red digits that trans.ated" into sub^par holes, were a couple of new ñames — Inman and Randolph.
John Inman and Sam Randolph are amateurs, rookies who played the prestigious Augusta National layout Thursday as if it were some ordinary public course.
Forget the* history and, tradition. Forget the lightning fast greens and the foreboding three-hole cluster called Amen Corner. Forget the legions of
-1.
veterans who have been devoured by this challenging course.
Here were two kids, one barely out of college the other stiU an undergraduate, shooting 2-under par 70s that left them two shots off the opening round lead.
And Jack Nicklaus, five-time winner of the Masters who finished the first round one stroke behind them, loved it. *
'T thought, ‘If this isn’t a shot in the arm for amateur golf,’ ” he ,said. “I’m tickled for them. Maybe' this will put some life back into amateur golf."
Nicklaus was aware of Inman, whose brother, Joe, is a tour regular. The youngster went to school at the University of North Carolina with Nicklaus’ son before graduating last December.
Randolph,' however, was a mvsterv.
"What’s his first name?” Nicklaus asked. “Where’s he from? How’d he get here?"
Given Randolph’s short biography — 20 years old, a junior at the University of Southern . Californlg, qualified by reaching the finals of last year’s U.S. Amateurs — Nicklaus nodded.
Many years ago, he had played Augusta as an amateur. Did he think a non-pro could really win this demanding event?
“It would have to be a college kid who’s been playing constant, competitive golf,” he said. “Inman’s an outstanding player. I’d be delighted to see him stay up and play well. But for an amateur to win, he’s got his work cut out for him.”
Ig the flush of his fancy first-round, Inman, 22, could see
himself slipping into that green jacket on Sunday. Really.
"I wouldn’t rule it out,” he said. “If I can control my emotions, my game, sure, I could win-it.”
‘I’m tickled for them. Maybe this wi^l put some life back amateur golf./
Í Nicklaus
Randolph's ambitions are somewhat more modest,,
“I came in with ll(e goal of making the cut, playing well. If 1 do that, 1 'll giin for the top 2-1 '
-ii.

\

CO-OP...
at the leading edge
Our dedication to technology has made Sundstrand a leader in virtually all of the markets
our products serve,
\ >
We are a Fortune 500, billion dollar company which designs, manufactures and sells a variety of proprietary, technology-based components and subsystems for aerospace and industrial rnarkets.
It is our aggressive engineering and manufacturing that enables us to be on the leading edge of that technology. We don’t Just react to a customer’s need—we anticipate it.
Sundstrand Aviation Operations, Brea, California, Is a sophisticated manufacturer of highly efficient electro-magnetic aerospace AC/DC motors, generators, solenoids, and environmental control units. Our Overhaul and Repair Department provides original equipment quality repair on all Sundstrand aircraft products with attention to timely turnaround.
•
Sundstrand has operating units located in nine countries and employs more than 14,000 people worldwide. We offer employees solid benefits, liberal holidays and opportunities for growth and development in all phases of our manufacturing environment.
Interviews: Wed., April 17th Information Night: Tues., April 16th 7-9 PM Faculty Dining "B" Pizza & Drinks!!
SUNOSimiM)
For more information, contact:
COOPERATIVE EDUCATION 546-2645
SUNDSTRAND AVIATIDN OPERATIDNS
Then with a glint in his eye he added, “You never know what wiU happen in this game.”
Indeed. But if either of them emerge from this gruelling four day test of golfing skills as the winner, it would be the first ' Masters title for an amateur Any amateur.
Augusta National does not treat first-timers kindly. There are lessons to be learned, nerves to be settled. It can fluster the calmest golfer.
Randolph admitterl that his knees were quivering on the first tee. Indian thought he wasn t even breathing at that point
“1 wasn't very nervoif- playing the finals of the U.S. .•\mateor. Randolph , said “I had fi !t 1 belonged there. Mere. mu. ¡playing with guys you vs.iirh ne television, guys you Td< n.''.,, I That s a little more pressure
“1 was scared," Inman a.:i>ii!
I ted, “but I fii^ured I could ri'
Take STEPS in your safety.
Use the Escort ServiciB
What’s
pizzazz?
An Equal Opportunity Employer
¿AMSTERDAM
(X EURAILPASS
1	MONTH UNI IMmn R.AT
*975
2	MONTHS UNUMrn n R.Ml
*1055
*Pna’ i>-
Round Trip Fdijht from ( hklarui or f_AX to Amsterdam rw MoTTin Air lY 1 IMITED s \C t AVAR AlU »
Nt • j " N t. '= ( A u r-C'
7H ’1 IT'-’H '»1
.:■» r-Tf
Mustang Dally
Monday, April 15,1985
Campus
Paga 5
Senator Cranston calls for tax reforms
By GREGG SCHROEDER
Staff Wrlftr
Simplification of the federal tax structure and a freeze on government spending were two of the topics discussed by Sen. Alan Cranston and a panel of 12 city residents at City Hall Friday morning.
Cranston, the Democratic senator from California, spoke with the panel before a group of more than 60 residents assembled in the Council Chambers. He called the present tax system “unfair," suggesting that it be replaced by a modified flat tax that would get rid of the “unfair loopholes” that exist in the present system.
“In 1983...150 Americans earned S50 million and paid no taxes,” Cranston_^ said. “Sixty-five U.S corporations earned $50 billion and paid no federal income taxes.”
With a modified flat tax structure, the government would be able to collect more money in taxes without raising them. Individuals and companies presently not paying their fair share would be more easily tracked down by the Internal Revenue Service under a simpler system, Cranston said. Also, if 'Americans felt the tax system was more equitable, he said they would be less inclined to cheat on their tax forms.
Cranston said that although most deductions and loopholes would be eliminated, those in the interest of the general public — such as charitable giving' — would be left intact.
Panelist Suzanne Yost, local real estate agent, questioned the senator on the implications of a flat tax. She said if deductions on investment property were cut, there would be little incentive for more building. In cities where
housing is at a premium, such as San Luis Obispo, shortages would drive rents up, she said.
Cranston replied that the proposed reforms would leave people with more money at their disposal for buying and renting, and thus would actually stimulate the economy.
Jeff Colombini, a Cal Poly agricultural management student on the panel, said he was concerned about investors who buy up land as a tax shelter, consequently driving up property prices for serious farmers.
“I oppose that particular loophole,” Cranston said. “It must be closet}.”
In regard to the deficit, which the senator .said is now,jpverjtt200 billipna year, CranstomsakP“we* cannot live beyond '^our means forever.” He cited military spending and cost-of-living increases for Social Security recipients as the main areas that are subject to cuts to reduce the deficit.
Cranstbn said he is in favor of a freeze in the military budget as a means to curb spending rather than cuts in student loans, child nutrition programs or eliminating the cost-of-living increase for the nation’s elderly, ■
Colombini said the present system of allocating student loans needs to be reworked. Some students have abused the loans, he said, while other needy students are penalized by the system.
For example, the governmenC bases a student’s need for a loan on his parents’ as.sets. Colombini said).
”A farmer's assets are in I land,” he said, “and he can’t sell that to pay for his son’s or daughter’s education.”
Colombini also asked Cranston if he supported the elimination of crop subsidies.
books^’
oave50to70/-
publisher pnces
aprii -20
B!
El GdtkxI	Bookstore
ITM
Trouble DollSr
They are new, they are exciting and
really no trouble at all...
In fact, that’s what they’re for, to help solve troubles...
Send for your six dolls in a linen pouch with their intriguing story and see what we mean!! I
THE MIND’S EYE
514 No. Foothill Rd. Ojai, CA 93203
r,
Name
¡Address . jiordered. lami. enc.
.City Astate
^\p
allow today delivery
.@$2.36 -F 6%tx (2.50)1
I
-------------^----------1
I
"We need to review th'e whole farm program, " the senator said, noting that farmers are paid not to grow food in a world that faces starvation daily.
Cranston said the 90-minute forum was one in a series of town meetings designed to tap the views of Californians on subjects the senator will be voting on when he returns to Washington, DC.
Arraignment
continues in rape case
Two Cal Poly students charged with rape underwent further arraignment Wednesday and dates of future proceedings were set.
James G. Blevins, 23, ^nd Manuel Perez, 43, appeared before Judge Dbnald Umhofer for a second arraignment and both were later released on their own recognizance.
While Blevins had been released on his own recogpiizance following' the first arraignment, Perez had his $7,500 bail exonerated following a motion filed by his attorney.
Perez is scheduled to appear for further arraignment April 17 and Blevins will will have a preliminary hearing May 2.
AcacJemic Senate
By DANRUTHEMEYER
Statt Writer
Wit.h the current school year coming to an end, the Academic Senate is accepting nominations for next year's university and state senators.
The deadline for nominations to the faculty posts is today at noon, but the nominees will not face a general faculty election until laterin the month.
There are 27 seats open on the university senate and one open on the California State University Senate. Members of the state senate serve concurrently as university senators.
Consisting of a senate body and 14 committees, the purpose of the Academic Senate is to, allow a representative group of faculty members'" to work with the Administration in forming university policy.
"The senate is a way of expressing formal faculty opinions on certain issues,” said Academic Senate Chairman Reginald Gooden.
While all academic schoo|s are represented on the senate, the exact number of representatives is determined by the number of full-time faculty>ifreach school.
The main body of the senate includes 56 faculty members, three members of the Administration and two representatives from the ASf.
CLIP&SA^e"
Working on issues ranging from budgets to curriculum, committees accumulate informa tion and send it to the senate where a resolution may be pu-^s-, ed. The resolution is then forwarded to the Administration for final approval.
While the power of the Academic Senate lies mostly in its advisory function. Administration approval for senate resolutions is almost always granted, said Gooden.
"The Administration will only stop a resolution if it believes that the senate is not acting the way it should, " he said.
Gooden, an Academic Senate member since 1975. explained that the only real barrier to the authority of the Academic Senate is the fact that all resolutions must fall within the budget.
“Once we decide the budget and how we’ll skin the cat it -becomes a faculty issue through the senate,” he said.
He explained that while issues on curriculum originate with instructors and department heads, the senate is responsible for putting those changes into effect.
The main body of the A.cadem-ic Senate meets once a month, while the frequency of individual committee meetings is baaed on how much need there i.^ for discussion.
2 Locations 1885 Monterey St. 212 Madonna Road
2.00
•Vi?
OFF
BUY ANY ARK TWO DELUXE BURGER AND GET $2.00 OFF THE SECOND ONE.
Not valid with other discounts Offer good through April 30, 1985 after 11am daily
r	ja^______________rrrrrrr_ _ j
□□□□□□□□□□□□
1 LARGE
1 TOPPING PIZZA 2 FREE SOFT DRINKS
$7.85
WITH THIS AD
DELIVERY IN-HOUSE
1015 COURTS!.
SLO
541-4420	,
>ONE COUPON PER PIZZA
□□□□□□□□□□□□
Pag* 6
Mustang Dally
-Can

Row-a-thon raises funda
■f-Ja
Crew Club prepare
-Vy

■7-

t


sc


Coxswain Janet Brooks tries out the Crew Ciub’s rowing machine with some enthusiastic support from her feiiow club
^ KiVm CANNONMuslang D*Hy
members. The club held a row-a-thon last week, rowing for 24 hours and some 600 miles to raise money for equipment.
By KEVIN CANNON
Slatl Writer
“They want it so bad.”
Those were the words of Crew Club President Bruce MacCoy concerning the dcesire of the crew club to be a “real” team.
The crew club has been working out' since before January: three days a week with weights and four days a week running stairs and hills, doing wind sprints and extensive calisthenics. Practice starts at 5:30 a.m.
The club just completed a row-a-thon in Mission Plaza to raise money for boats, rowing equipment and a boat house at Santa Margarita Lake.
The crew team started rowing Thursday at 9 a.m. on a specialized rowing machine which, according to club adviser Bud Beecher, “is as close to actual rowing as you can get.”'
They were sponsored by individuals and businesses on a
YOURCAH
d □




Launch hour. ITirottlcs an- at full powiT as a supersonic roar sweeps acr(»ss the flight deck. .And \(»u're the pilot.
The catapult fires and (■ for< «'s slam you hack into \ our srat. Set -onds later, you re punching a hole in th(‘ clouds .Old looking ^o<id.
Nothinji heats the excitement of
Navy flyinj;. And no other joh can match the kind of manaf»e-menl r*‘s|)onsihilit\ you j^et so (piickly in the Navy.
File rew.irds are there, too. Around-the-uorld tra\el oppor tunities with a ^reat stai tin^ salai'N ot-SP1.2(M>. As much as	after four vears w ith
promotions and pay incrca.ses.
lake off for tomorrow in the Navy. With top-level training to help you huihl technical and mana^eri.il skills you’ll use fVir a lifetime. Don’t just settle into a |oh; lauiK h a career. See \ (»ur Na\ \ Kecruiter or
CALL 800-327-NAVY.
NAVYOmCERS GET RESPONSiBIUTY FAST.
|\
\
p t-
per-mile-rowed basis. The goal of the team is to eventually raise over $^,000.
Alternating turns on the rowing machine, the team rowed for 24 hours and put more than 600 miles on the odometer.
Several members were gathered at the Mission Plaza waiting their turns and giving moral supporL Some were doing homework or studying and others were enjoying themselves by visiting in the sun.
“It’s just an,all-out help party,” said MacCoy.
Crew club member Anthony Gaspara, a sophomore agricultural managament major, said. “We want to put Cal Poly on the map as far as crew goes and we can't do that without boats.” Mike Mensing added, between shouts of encouragement, “I’m so excited that we’re finally get-, ting a crew team.”
Club Adviser Bud'Beecher hrs
Club president Bruce M,a9' raise funds for bo.'-
\
ipus.
Momlay, April 15, IMS
P«to«7
I ^







5 to be'rear
been advising various groups for more than 20 years and has never seen a team with as much group enthusiasm. "People in crew approach it more as a way of life," Beecher said.
The majority of the money raised will go into building the boat house, a project the team will undertake themselves. The boat house is also a senior project for Michael Judas, a construction major. The construction equipment used will be on loan from the California Men’s Colony.
A feasibility study to determine the effects the boat house might have on its natural surroundings will be the senior project of Dorene MacCoy, a natural resource managment, major.
“I’m amazed that we’ve got as 00^
far as we have,” said MacCoy.	____________________________
"The hardest part is over but we rraxA,	* o	.	-	kevinCANNOnai«iw*n«o»s»
have a ways to go yet.” "	orew ciuD president Bruce MacCoy rows’ away in the club’s row-a-thon held last week in the Mission Plaza.

4
I






)y helping to rowing

RING WEEK
POLY ROYAL SPECIAL
*35 OFF
A
* 10K AND 14K GOLD RINGS. SAVE $40 ON 18K GOLD RINGS.
On/OSTENS Gold College Rings.


4.

See your jostens representative.
[)fll(': APRIL 15! 16,17,18.19,26 & 27	1 illU’; 10AM-4PM
VKA
WollefCord

KEVIN CANNON/Muttan« Dally
Individuals and businesses sponsored
cii'b if'fmbf"	- r :en monr- f-
' A. is ;i_. jiL.


Pagas
Campus
Mustang Dally Monday, AprIMS, 1MS
FOUNDATION
Prof gets grant to finish studies
From page 1
Agricultural business management major Mike Mendes, the third candidate, said he feels there is not enough ASI input in Foundation decisions, and suggested this be remedied by adding more students to the board.
“It’s the ASI’s responsibility (to the student body) to monitor the workings of the Foundation,” the 22-year-oId Mendes said. He feels some of the profits accrued by the Foundation should be used to subsidize the cost of items students can only buy from El Corral Bookstore, particularly textbooks.
“There is a 21 to 22 percent mark-up (on textbooks),” Mendes said, adding that bookstore
operating expenses are 22 to 23 percent. The margin of profit on textbooks ~isn’t great, Mendes said, but lower prices could be achieved by subsidizing them with the sale of the other bookstore items.
K-
Mendes cautioned that' lowering prices of some Foundation services outright might mean sacrificing other services, including donation generation and athletics.
‘‘We don’t want to lose services;” Mendes said. ”It’s like paying taxes. If you want those services, you’re going to have to pay for your part...bpt (the ASI) needs to act as a check and balance for the Foundation.
By GREGGSCHROEDER
Staff Writer
A Cal Poly engineering instructor recently received a $5,000 grant from Chevron Corp. to study ways to make machines understand speech, thereby completing his doctorate.
Terry Stanhope, Electronic and Electrical Engineering Department associate professor, will use the grant to help him finish work on his doctoral degree in signal processing at University of California, Santa Barbara, where he is presently studying. His specialty, spe^h research, includes the study of high-speed processing of speech information by machines.
Jim Harris, “•Electronic and
Electrical Engineering Department head, called the the grant “unusual” because is was given to someone who is currently a teacher, rather than a potential instructor.
Stanhope “is (already) doing very well as a faculty member,” Harris said, adding that with the grant. Stanhope can continue with his research ...unimpeded. Harris said Stanhope expects to complete his doctorate by fall.
A spokesman for Chevron Corp. said the company felt the grant proposal showed promise for helping to maintain the quality of the graduates it hires and that in order to get good students U is necessary to retain a good faculty.
Stanhope earned a bachelor's degree in mathematics and electrical engineering from Cal Poly in 1968 and a master’s degree in electrical' engineering from the University of Southern California in 1973.
From 1968 to 1979 he worked for Texas Instruments Inc. and remains as a consultant to that company and other electronic firms. ^
Since he joined the Cal Poly faculty in 1979, Stanhope has been involved primarily with junior-l^vel curriculum. During his second year here. Stanhope was voted outstanding teacher and outstanding advisor in his department.

t wow /
/
Get 2 sets of prints for the price of 1
Process one roll of film and receive two sets of prints for the price of one. One coupon per purchase not valid with other specials. Expires
A / A / Bit
9 Santa Rosa Blvd. 549-8979
'I
/
i
,1
pizzazz
is
Coming!





‘,lf»H>.(
*"4
\
7,

Every TI calculator comes with one extra number*
l-800-tl-CARES
When you buy a Texas Instruments calculattir you don’t ju,st buy a calculator, you buy.Texas Instruments’ commitment to quality.
It’s a commitment backed by a fully developed service network that includes the above toll-free number you can call from anyplace in the United States.
If you have any applications,
operations, or service questions, ,call us Monday thru Friday between 9 am and 4 pm CST, and we’ll be ijlad to help.
If your calculator needs repairing, we’ll direct you to one of t)ur 46 conveniently ItKated service centers ftir an immediate exchange. Under warranty, it’s free. If there’s no center near yoift we’ll do it all by mail.
Of course, there’s just one catch. It has to be a Texas Instruments calculator. But then, if you’re as smart as we think you are, why wouldn’t itbKTi	J,
Texas
Instruments
Creating usehil prodiK ts and scr\ iccs lor you.
<’ 1*^^ To»»'In-tnimi-fU.
______Super.______
LEARNING
Th« «ccdldrptM. ttrpM-frp« typldm for l••rnir»9 prtd romomborin^ For
•	T«»tt KA' < Hir*T rt< • LAfiguag*
•	Faett/Figur*« a Supar Parformanca a Licanaing Examt a Supar Mamofy
1

Call 543-3992
s.itat.ry
ilN:> ^ ,Q3	5,	5L0
IN LEARNING
•GOLD-ARROW-
CAMP
iOBACKPACKING ♦HORSEBACK RIDING ♦ SAILING ♦WATER SKIING and
♦ROCK CLIMBING
instructors needed for High Sierra summer camp from June 27th thru August 31st. Please contact the Placement Office for application or call (213)515-0639. Must be experienced
fez^Z7.7.ZZ2227.^Z7ZZ22Z2h
MINI STORAGE
[ustani
Moving t Storage Come To The Place That Has The Space. •Graduates •Students going home • Faculty
-Sizes Available-4x3x5 $10.00 MO. 5x6x7 $20.00 MO.
7x7x7 $35.00 MO.
u
MOVIfiG? It's nice going UNf
unF
269 Tank Farm Road San Luis Obispo 544-9626
Mustang Daily
Monday, April 15,1985
Sports
Paga 9
Braves down San Diego
Murphy fourth player with four homers in four games\
ATLANTA (AP) — Dale Murphy ripped a two-run homer, his fourth in four games, and Bruce Sutter pitched out of a jam Sunday to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 3-1 victory over the San Diego Padres.
Murphy’s drive in the fourth, off loser LaMarr Hoyt, 0-1, followed a single by Brad Korn-minsk and sent the Braves to their fourth triumph in five games.
Atlanta starter Rick Mahler left with one out in the ninth after Terry Kennedy singled. Reliever Terry Forktifr walked Kurt Bevacqua and Sutter came on to get the final two outs for his second save.	- -
Glenn Hubbard tied a major league record for second baseman with 12-assists. The feat has been accomplished four times, the last by Chicago’s Ryne Sandberg in June 1983.
The Braves led 1-0 in the first when Claudell Washington doubled and scored on Kommin-sk's single.
The Padreb tied it in the fifth when Tim Flannery singled and Garry Templeton doubled him home.
Red-hot Dale Murphy hit a two-run homer in the 10th inning Saturday to give the Atlanta Braves a 7-5 victory over the San Diego Padres after Bob Horner's first home run since last Mav23
keyed a three-run ninth-inning rally.
Murphy’s drive over the left-field fence came after Brad Komminsk opened the 10th with a single off reliever Tim Stoddard, 0-1. The homer was Murphy’s third of the season and gave him eight RBls in four games. He i.s batting .53.3
Home runs by- Terry Kennedy and Kevin McReynolds .in. a three-run eighth inning had given the Padres a 5-2 lead”. But Murphy drew a leadoff walk off reliever Dave Dravecky to start the Braves' ninth and Horner, who missed most of last season with a broken wrist, homered to make it 5-4.
A’s keep Califorr to three hits in w\
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Mike Davis hit a three-run hom( second and a sacrifice fly in the eighth Sunday to pace the t Athletics to an 8-1 victory over the California Angels.
Winner Chris Codiroli, 1-1, pitched three-hit ball througl innings. Ife left because of á slightly stiff neck as .Jay Mow finished up. allowing one hit, for his first save.
Davis’ homer off Mike Witt, 0-2, was the second of the s»
'I^he Angels scored in the third on as Brian Downing sing Gary Pettis, who had singled and advanced on a groundou <)akland scored its fourth run in the sixth when Dave Cc>l singled, went to third on Carney Lansford's single-and scor ■> Bruce Bochte grounded into a double play.
The A's added four runs in the eighth after loading the b, Alfredo Griffin s single, an error by right fielder Reggie ,Jai Collins’ drive and a walk to Lansford. Bochte delivered a tv single, chasing Witt.
Reliever Luis Sanchez and walked Murphy and Mike Heu force in a run, and Davis drove in the final run with his flv tii.
Ruess hit in arm-bv ball
Five Giant pitchers used, Dodger rally sho^^t
LOS .AN’GKLF.S (AP) - Chris Hhnfwn greeted Los Angeles rebever Tom Niedentuer with a tw«*.MÎ« double that sparked a five-run sixth inning Sunday and. carried the Sun Francisco (liants past the Los Angeles Dodgers 8-4.
With the score tied 1-1, .Jeff Leonard opened the San Fran-ci.scp sixth with a single that stfuck starter .Jerry Reuss in the
arm and ricocheted into his iaw. Reuss then walked Bob Brenly
and David tireijn to fill the bases.
Niedentuer replaced Reuss, and Brown doubled home Leonard and Brenly. Pinch hitter Chili Davis followed with a two-run single and Davis eventually scored on Dan Gladden’s single.



I Every person riding a bicycle is subject to all the duties applicable to the driver of any other vehicle. Violators will be cited
ñ
î«î
-Or
m
SlATI(3îfi


MIchaef Drosnin
Citizen
Hughes
Pub Price $18.95
Now
.$12.30
HARDBACK
,\ New ^ ork I imes Besi vSeller
BCbooJ
¿i^BookstDe
.Jim Gott went five impiigs. 'I’he (liant.s scored tv ■ giving up five hits, including eighth on pinch hitter li .Mike Scioscia s’RMl single m the iwo-run homer, hi- '
---('arlos Diaz.
fourth, foi the victory. Scott
(iarrelts. the fifth San FrannsiM	..._
pitcher, went the final I 1-.3 inn	Angeles scored
ings for his first save.	inlheeighth.
\
Cal Poly Bicycle Patrol	♦
Than IceAJream__& Better j
Mozz-Burger, Fries, Soft Drink
\ \
AC	beef patty on French roll, spread with
^ 40 seasoned sauce, covered with mozzarella cheese ^	and baked in the oven.
Monday Special

r
The I
crestI
pizza parlor 179 N. Santa Rosa, S.L.O. 544-7330 ÿ
New Happy Hour!
Beer 3-6
pitcher $2.00 mugs 35c
\
H FROZEN YOGURT-COOKIES-BAGELS-DRINKS ^
♦1Í 8)90 Foothill Blvd.	open dail\ includimi Sund.iv
I'mvcrsitv .Square ('enter
Ph. 5U-2KU
- -	•K*
»I* »>1* •¿•¿9 9>28 »>28	»>29 »>^8 » J¿9 »» »*♦:« »*♦^9 »>29 »» »1«C« »>.8 »2»>
35% OFF 35% OFF 35% OFF
THE SHAPE OF THINGS TO COME...
3 mo. for $55 OR 6 mo. for $99
(new members only) Gym ancJ aerobics
Free program instruction Open 7 days a week Extensive Co-ed aerobics Computerized lifecycles (minimal fee) Nautilus, World Class, Universal machines and free weights
<
/

U
3546 S. Higuera SLO
541 .5180


m
( I

■V-
P«g«io
Sports.

Mustang Dally	Monday^ April 1S, 198S
Tulane players expected to plead Innocent.today
School’s senate expected to drop program
NEW ORLEANS (AP) - Two players and two other men accused of conspiring to shave points in Tulane University basketball games were expected to plead innocent Monday, the same day the school's student senate will vote on dropping the sport	r
The senate is expected to support President Eamon Kelly’s recommendation to abolish men’s basketball because of the scandals that have rocked the 150-year -old school the past month.
The university’s 23-member ooard of administrators Will vote on basketball Thursday.
“I hate to see the program dropped, but he has some good points,” said Steve Master, sports editor of the school’s student newspaper, who met with Kelly last week.
He said Kelly told selected students', faculty members and university personnel that he believed the current atmosphere of major college athletics is conducive to illegal and unethical behavior. He therefore wants the sport dropped permanently.
Coach Ned Fowler and two assistant coaches resigned April 4 after Kelly learned illegal payments were made to some
players, a violation of NCAA rules. 1
Also that day, an Orleans Parish grand jiiFy handed up an indictment charging eight people, including three players, in the gambling case. Two players, John Johnson and Clyde Eads, were granted immunity from prosecution in exchange for their testimony.
On Friday, Athletic Director Hindman Wall resigned, saying, “I’ve had it with lawyers, courts and problems through the years.”
Star center John “Hot Rod” Williams, 23, point guard David
Dominique, 19, and two nonstudents — Craig Bourgeois, 21, and convicted-bookmaker Roland Ruiz, 48, — were expected to plead innocent Monday before Criminal District Judge Alvin Oser.
All are charged with sports bribery and conspiracy to commit sports bribery.
Two students implicated in the case, Mark Olensky, 21, of Fair Lawn, N.J., and David Kranz, 21, of New Rochelle, N.Y., pleaded innocent to similar charges last week. Kranz also pleaded innocent to one count of' cocaine possession and nine counts of selling the drug to three players.
Guard Bobby Thompson. 21, and student David Rothenberg, 22, of Wilton, Conn., pleaded guilty to charges as part of a pleS bargain. They are to be sentenced July 9.
Conspiracy carries a maximum penalty of 2‘/i years in prison and a $2,500 fine; the maximum penalty on the drug charge is five years in prison and a $5,000 fine.
Lwiper comes from four back to wear green jacket
Water sinks Strange, German wins
AUGUSTA. Ga. (AP) - West German Bernhard Langer, taking full advantage of ’Curtis / Strange's watery disasters Sunday, fired a 4-under-par 68 in the ck'sing round and became only the third foreign player to win the prestigious Masters golf .tournament.
, linger, the first German to win any of golf’s four major championships, acquired his first American triumph by a two-stroke margin with a 282 total. 6-under-par on the Augusta National Golf Club course that was da;npened by an occasional drizzle. •
l^anger, four shots back with nine holes to play in the chase for the famed green jacket that goes to the winner, used the two par-5’s on the back nine, the 13th and 15th, as the keys to his triumph.
Langer birdied both, reaching the putting surface in two and 2-putting on each.
Strange, who hadn’t even expected to play here, opened the tournament with an 80 and bogeyed both those holes.He hit into Rae’s Creek on the 13th and took two shots to get out of the little stream trickling along in a' rocky ravine.
On the 15th, Strange looked up in disbelief when his second shot found the pond in front of the green.
It sent the leading money winner for the year on the PGA tour reeling back into the pack and paved the. way for the curly-haired Langer, 27, to join South African Gary Player and the current British Open champion, Seve Ballesteros of Spain, as the only foreign winners of the tournament that ranks with the U.S. and British Opens and the PGA as the game’s Big Four.
Strange, the winner of two Tour events already this season.
finished with u 71 and was tied for second at 284 with Ballesteros and third-round leader Ray Floyd.
Ballesteros shot 70 and Floyd matched par-72.
Jay Haas, once Strange's roommate at Wake Forest, was next at 67-285.
Jack Nicklaus, vainly seeking an expansion of his record collection of 17 major professional titles, was tied at 286 with Craig Stadler, Bruce Lietzke and Gary Hallberg.
Hallberg, who has taken to wearing an Indiana Jones fedora hat, managed a 70 despite af bail in the water and a double bdgey on the par-3 12th. Stadler, a former winner here, and Lietzke, a cross-handed putter, also had 70s.
Oilers drop Kings^won’t relax oh win
INGLEWOOP. CaUf. (AP) -The Edmonton Oilers, safely past the opening round, aren’t letting themselves relax in their quest to repeat as Stanley Cup champions. ' <
“We haven’t won anything yet. We need 12 more wins to get it,” said Oilers winger-Glenn Anderson, whose overtime goal Saturday night lifted Edmoi^on to a 4-3 victory and a tnree-game sweep of the Los Angeles Kings.
The narrow victory was not unlike, the Oilers’ first two victories in the series in Edmonton. They edged the Kings 3-2 in overtime in the first game and 4-2 on an empty-net goal in the second.
“This jvas a close series, and _ all three games could have gone either way,” said Edmonton Coach Glen Sather.
Sather said the Oilers could not have won without the deft goaltending they got from Grant Fuhr.
' The difference was the play of Fuhr and our playoff experience,” said Sather.
Wayhe Gretzky, who did not score a goal in the series, said. “Goaltending is the playoffs. It's been that way for 50 years. "	*
The Oilers are expecting the rest of the playoffs to be just like this hard-fought series.
“It seems that everytime you get past a smaller mountain, there's a bigger mountain waiting around the corner,” said Anderson.
If nothing else, the Kings, who played well against the Oilers in the regular season, once again proved themselves a stern test for the defending champs.
“We have to optimistic about next year,“ said Los Angeles wing Dave Taylor. “We made some great strides.”
MOMMY
MADNESS
$8.00 buys any large one, item pizza and two bo’ttles of coke
FAST, FREE DELIVERY
775-A Foothill	544-3636
Mustang Daily
Monday, April 15,1985
Haarns and Haaler battle	\; '
Tonight it is put up and shut up for fighters
LAS VEGAS,“ Nev. (API -Marvelous Marvin Hagler and Thomas "Hit Man” Hearns get the chance to back up their boasts Monday , night in this town where talk has always been cheap.
They will collide in a scheduled 12-round bout in a sold out, 15,088-seat outdoor-arena, just a shout from the gaming tables at Caesars Palace.
At stake is the undisputed middleweight championship held
by Hagler. A bonus, at least for the winner, could be the kind of public recognition both men think they deserve, but have not received.
"What’s going to happen after this fight is my popularity is going to grow so much that my privacy is going to be limited," the 30-year-old Hagler said. “There is no doubt in my mind that I'll knock out Tommy Hearns."	^
"1 feel 1 can do it in three
rounds," said Hearps, 26. the World Boxing Council sufjer welterweight champion and former World Boxing Asswia-tion welterweight champion. "1 predict a third-round knockout."
There’fe no question that these two millionaires are- boxing power brokers.
Hagler has scored 5 0 knockouts in compiling a 60-‘2-2 record in a pro career^ dating back to 1973.
Hearns has a 40-1 record with
34 kmK'kouts. in 1977,.
‘I feel I can do it in three rounds’
—Hearns
Controversy inBoston Marathon
Today’s race had qualification problems last, week
BOSTON (API - The Boston Marathon, plagued by controversy and beset by’a lack of quality runners, will be held for the 89th time Monday with defending champion Geoff Smith and Lisa Larsen Weidenbach as the favorites. -The world's oldest marathon was rocked by two controversies in recent days.
Mark Plaatjes, 24, a medical student in Johannesburg, South
Africa, had been entered and given a prestigious front-row position although his country is barred from international track and field competition because of its apartheid race policy.
But the Athletics Congress, the national governing body for the . sport, upheld a rule established by the International Amateur Athletic Association, the world governing organization for track and field, that forbids
South Africans from in international meets.
competing
Then came the disclosure that the runner who was to line up alongside Plaatjes, a 33-year-old Carlos Godoy from Colombia, had submitted an incorrect qualifying time on his entry blank.
The 6-foot-l Hearns has a 3' inch height advantage and a 3-inch reach advantage. Neither edge is outstanding.
Hearns did upset Hagler at' the final prefight news, conferene»" when he said. “I've been fighting men and now I'm going up against a midget."
"You're just a freak, snapped Hagler. "When I get into the ring I 'm a giant."
Hagler's boosters point out that he is a natural middleweight while Hearns is a padded one. Each man should weigh on or near the class limit of 160 pounds.
The fight will begin about 8
p in I'S r and wdl be -.hown closed-eireuil .iiiil biiiiled pav per view teles ision in the I nited States and Canada.^li aUn^wiH be beamed overseas
U bile the lighl piMli.i ..	.
the last lot eillici ll.igl^i 111 .Hearns, it proli,dil> will the richest for hot h.
Promoter Bob \rum said both men will ìnake earn lhaiv their guarantees, which are .5.'').6
I
‘You’re just a freak. When I get into the-ringT Im the giant.’ • r
—Hagler
.million for Hagler ami .li.S.l million for Hearns.
Although Hagler is recognized as champion by the WBC. WBA and International Boxing Federation. the fight will Im* held under WBC supervision.
Orty AT COMPUTERLAND
TRADE UP TO HARD DISK POWER
$995
WITH FLOPPY DISK TRADE-IN
Only Compulerlond could oiler you this super volue deol It even includes instollotion which is normolly $rS0 Suggested retoil ol Sysdyne Hord Disk $1 495 Step up to more power ond sove with ComputerLand buying power or get o 10 megabyte e«ternol disk only $1,395 including interlace
FREE SYSTEM CHECK UP ($79.95 VALUE) WHEN YOU TRADE UP TO HARD DISK POWER.
- CompulerUMKi
San Lvis Obispo 1422 Montaray
next to roilrMd overposs
S41-4IM
Sonto lorbara K)i Stott ft ItCumbrt
S foint Center
H7M13
^ Lompoc U7 North 'H' Stroot
next to Penney s
73b-75M
l«ch	l#c«i*on a4l«rt • fwM S«rvK« D»p«rtman( Nv«« »«reKas
iu^90T«s »v*ry sysfam wa k«ll lt|>s «Nor not vol’d^i*K ony d«l<ow»t p' r« Soma ra$tri<*tom m«y oppty OHtr vOt>d	(Io$a ot but>na$« S«*w>doy
Apr.! 27 ìHÌk
Campus Clubs
Ara you Intaraatad In Cultural Programming for ttta Cal Poly campua? Wa naad you to partlclpata ln tha Cultural Adviaory Committaa. Maatinga ara bald avary Thuraday at 11 AM. Elactlona lor officara to ba hak) laiar thia mpnthl Coma to UU2170 thia Thuraday.
ASI FILMS COMMITTEE la looking for naw nrtambaral Wa maat Tuaattam ln UU220
ASi SPECIAL EVENTS will ba alacting naxt yaar'a officara. Naw membara an-couragad to join now. Maatinga: avary Mon.Bpm, UU210
CANT FIND THE KEYS TO YOUR CLOSET '
Lat ua halp you find thami Tha Clay and Laablan Studant Union maata In Sol C-19 WED. APRIL 17 at 7:30pm Qat tha datalla on Poly Royal, Bonfira Party (May 18), Movía Night (5/1), Yaar-and Picnic (Juna 1) Rafraahmanta aarvadi
Coma to tha AMA Maating 11-124/18 QUEST SPEAKER Arch'225 Dava Hadobaa Tach Info Switch
Epiacopal Studanta: Cantarbury CLub maata Mon at 7PM at tha Univaralty Chrlatlan Cantar. For Info call 544-3710.
MOTORCYCLE
ENTHUSIASTS
Tha Cal Poly Pangulna Motorcycia Club la having an Important nfaatlng tonight. Naw mam bara walcoma. Fla Sci 287 8pm. For mora Info. Call Dava 540-9207
WINE SOCIETY maata Thura 4/18 at 11am In Computar Sci 248 Naw mambara walcoma. WInary trip plannad
Announcements
ASI Conearta Praaanta CHICK COREA
and tha ELECTRIC BAND, wMh apaclal guaal. 8:00 pjn. Cal Poly Main Qym. Thuraday, April 28.
Advanoa Mokata 80.78.811.78
Offloa, Boo
Boo'a S Choap Thrllla
ATTENTION ARTISTSII Win 825 CASH for SAM logo daaign. 0>ntaat anda May 3. For mora Info, call Scott 5434)238
Attn. aH Bua., Ag. Bua. and olliar ma)ora, aummar arorh opp. In aalaa and aalaa mgmL Muat ralocala. Avg. Cal Poly atu-. daiM mada 84200 Nal ProlH. May gat eol-laga cradH. Sand raauma to Sununar Mgt. P.O. Box 12884,8LO.. CA. 88410
Balloons
at El Corral M-F, f2-3
CASH FOR ART
W|n 825 for SAM logo daaign. Laat day la May 3. Call Scott 5^239
Haircuta 88. THE HAIR DEN 779 Foothill 543-1290
Hava a mualc act, comady act. or any othar act that you'd Ilka to parform? Spaclal Evanta wanta your talant for Thuraday NIta LIva. Call John 548-3308.
Hay all you crafty paoplal Sign up now for graat craft claaaaa-B/W photo. Auto Rapair, Sllkacraaning, Chlld'a Art 8 moral Slop by tha UU CRAR CENTER todayl
Leisure mini classes Spring
Racraatlonal Sparta UU 118A/848-l88S.Aaroblca, Jaiiarclaa.Yoga, Maaaaga,Maaiara,S«»lm Workout Kor»-po,Karala,Popular Quilar Claaaleal QuHar,Slgn Languaga,Social Oanca Country Woalm Dartca,Wgn-up Now
Mongooaa ATB 8320fraclng-tour1ng bika aala^ka tuno-up 812.95/Tha Mopod Env portum 2700 Broad 541-5878
Muaaum of Natural Hlatory "Saluta to VOLUNTEERS" at Morro Bay Stata Park. SatSun April 20,2110-5pm Movlaa-alldaa, natura walka, birda of pray and moral
PARLB-VOUS FRANÇAIS? If ao, coma join ua In tha Mum-Cultural Cantar avary Thuraday at noon for an hour of caaual Franoh convaraallon. For mora Information, call tha MCC at 548-1406.
Poly Royal A Qraduallon waakand ramala 2 to 8 poopla,ocaanfront vacation horrraa Or bod A brtifat bomoa combria 027-4813
Whol’a now artth Cultural Programa at Cal Poly? Como find out at a picnic on Sunday, April 14th from 11 to 2PM In Santa Roaa Park. Ttra Cultural Adviaory Comroittaa naada your participatloni Lunch provk) ad-bring bovorngoo.
Announcements
Poly Royal
CORONATION BALL
April 20 9-12 Chumash semi-formal $10 couple $5 single tickets at ÜU ticket ofilce.-»
Lost & Found
Employment
Roommates
BUDGET yourTIME during POLY ROYAL ‘85. It's a CRIME not to visit bldg.38
POLY ROYAL '85 LABEL YOURSELF A SUCCESS!
FOR A GOOD TIME VOTE JOHN CARROLL FOR ASI PRESIDENT
Greek News
ANNIE A CHRIS
YOU’RE AWESOME CRESCENTSI
LOVE, JACKIE
BETA
Little Sister Rush
WED APR 10 T.S. Party 8101 Rockvw THUR APR 11 D.O.T.W. 8101 Rockviaw FRI APR 12 MUSHBALL, Taach School FOR MORE INFORMATION 548-2821
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE GAMMA PHI BETA NEW INITIATESI WE LOVE YOUIII
DAWN A JEAN To tha Bast Crascant Pals Tha fun has |ust bogun Lova, Amamda
LIVE FROM LA
POLY ROYAL'S
COMEDY
SHOPPE
LOST GREEN BACKPACK 4/7/85 AT AVILA BEACH PARKING LOT. CALL DOUG AT 5418731 REWARD
LOST H P-15C
Possibly In M.E. vlbss Isb. ID* CDL N7768089 angravad on back. If found plaasa contact Scott a| 844-2741 or laava maasaga In Or. Arts 221.
Wanted
CLASS 2 DRIVERS for Poly Royal b\is
shuttlas. Cal Poly Royal Office lor datalls A pay Info. X2487
WANT A CREDIT CARD?
Wo can halp you obtain Mastorcard or Visa, ovan If you hava bean previously ro-JacM, or hava r>o prior crodit history. Results guaranteed FREE DETAILS 548-9584
Personals
JANA LEHMAN
“Como aat with mal"
Good luck In Maryland at tha Maccablah tryouts. You're tha bast gymnast and wo lovayoul
John and Heather
JERRY I LOST YOUR NUMBER YES I DO WANT TO HAVE LUNCH WITH YOU BUT DONT WAIT UNTIL I SEE YOU AGAIN CALL ME DONT J ELL LIKE BEFORE SM
TYPING WORD PRCXJESSOR FASTIIIt LETTER QUALITY PRINTER 52S8487.
Zippers replaced 88, Hams 1591 MIII,544D858
Typing
LAMBCHOP-Happy birthday 11 Only 28 years young and looking batter than aver. Love always.Tiger Lily
VUARNET-BUCCI-SUNCLOUD-RAY BAN. Quality ayawaar at discounted prices. Check ua out. Tha Sea Bam, Avila Beach.
COMPUT-IT 5448420. High quaUty Word Procaaaing, term papers, and professional Rasumas. Wa know how to make you look good In print.
For fast, accurate wordprocassing...
Call SUPERSEC avaa/wknds. 5434495
Profaaalonal Typing, Reasonable Rates CALL SANDY 5443378,5-9pm
RAR TYPINQ(Rona), by appt., 9am8pm. Mon.-Sat., memory typawritars, 5442501
Spring has sprung but t haven't. For your typing needs plaasa call Suzia 528-7805.
THE SCRIBE SHOP 4818458. Word Pro-casslng, typing. Campus delivery.
TYPINQI Sally 7735854;Susan 481-4421
Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday Alpha Chi Omega, Happy Birthday to youl And many moral
Panhallanic wants to thank all tha Qroaks who participated In Good Neighbor Dayl Whata succoasi
TRY US FRESH SHRIMP 82LB WE DELIVER OTHER FISH.CRAB AVAIL. CALL 7724950 THE FISHERMAN'S WIFE
Events
Are you ready for AWESOME. LIVE ENTERTAINMENT? Don't miss Spaclal Events' THURSDAY NITE LIVEI Featuring live music A outrageous comady. 7:30pm UU San Luis Lounge 50c (4/18)
GIGGLE, GIGGLE, CHUCKLE. HA.HAI You'll laugh until your aides hurti ASI Speakers Forum Presents:
LIVE FROM LA. COMEDY SHOPPE II
Typing A editing. Senior Projects. Vickie, Tiger Steam Press 5418080
Word processing by June stain. Senior Projects, rasumas, ate. 541-3100 aftar 5
Wordprocassing; Rasumas, Sr. Projects, ate. Fast A reliable. 7733757
Opportunities
EXPLORE JOHN CARROLL ASI PRESIDENT
Employment
Circulation /Ualatant to help dellvar Poly
FEMALES WANTED
Engineering Majors (Future Salary 835,000) ara looking lor fun, outgoing female companion. Please sand resume to SEngInaers, PO Box BS056 SLO, CA 934035056 Include major. Interest, and a ^hoto of yourself
HELP! STUDENTS IN NEED OF A THREE BEDROOM HOUSE. WILL TAKE OVER LEASE STARTING JUNE. CONTACT CURTIS OR DOUG 5445245
Services
Having a party DURING POLY ROYAL? HIRE THE PATTERSONS8IREAT DANCE MUSIC FOR ALL OCCASIONS 541-5398
PLANNING A DANCE?? Experienced DJ 8100-150/avenlng MATT SULLIVAN 5418158
Royal newspapers Thurs, Friday, and Saturday April 2327. Musi hava car 83.50/hour. Contact Joann at the Mustang Dally
HEALTH ' CENTER LIva-ln Corpsman Position 19831986 Academic Year. EMT Certification and/or previous experience helpful. Duties include answering aftar-houra door; Assisting the nurse with emergency and Infirmary patients. Responsible for warming and assembling Inpatient meals, cleaning and restocking duties. Hours: Every other nlght-on duty from 5pm to 9pm and then “on call" In the building until Sam the next day. Compensation room and boArd. Appllca-Uons taken until 4/19/85. Pick up appllca-tlons from Joan CIrone: jtealth Center.
The Environmental Ceriter of SLO Workstudy poeitibns available. Flexible hours, some weekends. Call 5441777 Ask for George
WOMAN NEEDED TO ATTEND FEMALE STROKE VICTIM. FOR MORE INFO CALL BETWEEN 78pm at 5439255
WORK YOUR SUMMER IN BEAUTIFUL LAKE TAHOE
Free Room.& Board Positions Include: Manager and Salaspersons of: Old-time Photo Shop, Qlothlng Stores, Comer Cafe 8 Souvenir Shops 84 8 fringe BENEFITS 8 BONUSES. Sign up for Interview at Placement Center or contact Jackie at 544-3720
For Sale
A HARD DISK IS GOOD TO FINDI Apple Profile 5MB, excellent condition, w/Interface, cabling lor a///, Lisa (mac
ling
XL). 8560 Call Jim, 7724949 or 772-7172
AKC Golden Retriever Pupilles All shots 8 checkup (3 left) 8125 Call: 5233304
FRESHMEN AND SOPHOMORES ONLY! Financial ak) available. Five or more scholarships you are eligible for or your money back. 20% off thru April 19 COLLEGE SUPPORT SERVICES 5238483
OPPORTUNITY AWAITS A CAL POLY FEMALE WHO DESIRES A CLEANING POSITION AT THE HOME OF 9 PARTIALLY EDUCATED MEN. IT'S RIGHT ACROSS FROM POLY AND WE’LL PAY 84/HR. FIGURE 3HRS/WEEK. 5438984
There Is nothing more aesthetic than the radiant gem of amorous Intellect shining amongst shards of IgnorarKe.
1973 HONDA CB350Q, 21,000 original miles. Great transpo 8 lots of FUN. Chrome In Great shape, but seat cover tom. 8350.00 OBO Call Dennis at 544 1825
1982 ATC 250R low hours excellent condition Matt 5443921 81300
CRUISESHIPS HIRING, 818-30,0001 Caribbean, Hawaii, Work). Call for Guide, Directory, Newsletter. 1818-9444444
Earn 81000-1200 per month selling hlgh-toct products In spare time.aprinig and summer. Call, 5418191
Health Center Weekend/Dey Corpeman 19B319B8 Academic Year. CPR Card Required by September 19B6. EMT Certification and/or prwtoua experience helpful. DuUee Include anawartrtg after horie door, Aealeting the nurse ertth Emergency and Infirmary patients. Reeponetole for waiming and aaesmbHng Inpatient meals, cleaning and raetocklng duties. Hours: 9em to 6pm every Saturday and Sunday. 84/hr. Applications taken until 4/19/86. Pick up applications from Joan CIrone: Health Center.
82 YAMAHA 560 SECA New Dunlops, battery. Kerker 81100 5483740 Greg
Automobiles
Audi Fox'77, Auto air, AM/FM/Tape, Like New, 82200K3BO, Call 5444832
MERCURY CAPRI 1979 57,000 ml. AM-FM casa. Xlnt 82900 5288074.
Muet sell fasti 1980 Mercury Capri. White w/^e kit., air cond., AM/FM Pioneer caaaette, new brakes. Sandy 6447388.
78 VW Camper. Excellent cond. rottulH eng trepsaxle. Make offer call 5433821.
‘79 MQIMIdget. Low Miles, New Top, Tow Bar, Excellent Condition 8320018231079
F roommate to shr room In nice condoll Sp. Otr-many extras 8170/mo-Close to Poly-PH 5490433Funl M8F Roommates
F rooommate to shr room In nice condoll Sp. Qtr.-many extras 8200/mo-Close to Poly-Ph S430433Funl M8F Roommates
Fern roommate needed to share Irg master bdrm ml own bath. Washar/dryer close to Poly. 8173mo. 5447397.
FEMALE ROOMMATE^j	EEDlSr~To
share master bedroom (w/bath) In new home near Poly. Washer/dryer. microwave, hottub. 8^ea. Call 5437545'
FEMALE ROOMMATE needed to share room cheap at Foothill Hacienda. Avail 3408243.
Female roommate needed to share room $167 (X)/mo Call 544-2561
FEMALE ROOMMATES needed: to share a large house, washer/dryer/kltchen sup-plles/furnlshed 8 more!
Looking for committed Christians. 543-2165
FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED TO SHARE A FURNISHED ROOM QLOSE TO CAMPUS ON FOOTHILL 8160. AVAILABLE SUMMER CALL BONNIE OR CAROL S41 5291
Female roommate wanted (or 8386 school yr to share apt. in Lee Arms w/3 girls $210/mo. Please call 546-3554 or X3906
M roommate needed to finish out Spr Otr lease qlose to Poly $180/m neg 543-9211
Male needed ro share room In 2 bedroom house,fireplace,backyard.190Mo 5449333
ATTENTION • MUST SACRIFICE
9 foot daaks w/4 larga drawers 825, up-holstarad chairs 810 - 815, lamps from 810, padded headboards w/attached nightstands from 815. Call the Silver Surf Motel at 9274881.____________________
For sale;Sturdy,4 drawer desk & chair 880 for both. Call Patty, 5439032
Honda 400CMA mtrcyc-'300 Honda Express Moped-8300 Womens 10 spd.blke-890 all exc. cond. OBO on all 5430856
Large Desk w/typewrtter stand-5 drawers, Incl. file 8126 5439266_______________
Maha175cm slalom w/casa 8175 Surf board 311 twln8175,32 slng875 5431584
SURFB0ARD8ft, sing, fin, w/leash, great shape, min. dings 870 Mike 5430983
Technical drawing pens. Mars-Staedtier pens, never used. Sells for 889 asking 856 cash Celeste 5414127
Tired of working for someone else? Want to be your own boss? Selling recycling business, low overhead, good accounts, bettar prospects. Call Wayne 5238283.
Typewriter, Oly. 8100; 24X36“ Prof Light Table 8300 obo 5433234 aft. 6PM
Moped & Cycles
KAWASAKI 250 LTD I960 Like new. New tlresA>at 8860 5238074.
TIRED OF PARKING HASSLES AND BIG GAS BILLS?
HONDA EXRESS MOPED GREAT MPQ EXCELLENT CONDITION 8215CALL MIKE 541-8448 or 5430652
YAMAHA DT-400 MONQ-SHOCKER EN-DURO. EX COND. STRRET LEGAL 8600 OBO. Jon 5436340
Male roommate needed to share room S166/mo. Available immed.. 1 mile from campus. Call 544-7731
Needed private room In house or apt. from 6/1385 to 31386. In San Luis or Shell Beach area. Can pay up to $250 per month. Call Laurie 5448173.
Own room-close to campus-great house-spacious & easy gping $253mth washer/dryer & bath, big yard 544-9261
Own room(8)-two M/F $213mo iv,bath 1322 Rockview 541-8808 3T nights (595-7302 Mike)
Roommate needed Responsible female own room in two bedroom house.$175 & 1/2 utll.489-4178 Arroyo Grande pet fine
ROOMMATE needed Nice house in Laguna Lake W/D Call for in*o 549-0688
Woodside Apts Need female roommate lor next sch. yr. 21 and older, interviewing now Call 5431671
2 Female roommates to share mstr bdrm In condo $190 each $250 deposit Washer/dryer hottubCall 549-9716
500 YARDS FROM HEALTH CENTER' Need 2 to share room-$195mo/ea 2 bdrm apt util. ave.$10.M/F.Jim 5418547
Rental Housing
f
Apartment for lease 31385 to 31386 2 bedroom, furniture for 4, near Poly $620 per mo. 5438517 or 544-5385 after 5 or weekends.
AVAILABLE NOW mastr bdrm in newly remodeled house near Poly, $220ea shared or $350 single.in/util BBQ. Jacuzzi, wash/dryer. male/lem. non-smoker.call 5438487
Faml/rmate Non-smkr New Condo Avail April I.Smr. Fall Otr Cat!668-8567
Need an apt. tor Summer?	»
1 Bedroom, close to campus. pTiol. Nice' 5439456 5-7 PM
Summer Quarter Furnished 2 Bed 2 Bath For 4. Walk to Poly. $67(Vmo 5433696
Homes for Sale
BUYING A H(XISE8
For a FREE list of all affordable houses & condos (or sate In SLO, kKludlng new condos under 8100,000 near Poly, Call STEVE NELSON, F/8 INC. 5438370
2 Bdrm Condo, 1 bath, good location $69.900544-1502
Slarlinq
Date
Total • Oa,f
Nama.
Zip
Phon«.
.SS«.
Circi# ippropriftt# cl#ttitiC#hon
I	Campus Club!
3 Annoonc#m#nt$ 5 Personals T GrêeltnetR/s 9 Events
II	Lost A Found
t3 Wanted 15 Services 17 Typing 19 Miscellaneous Î1 Trevet 23 Pide Share
25 Opportunities 27 Employment 29 For Sale 31 Stereo Equipment 33 Mopeds A Cycles
35 Bicycles 37 Automobiles 39 Roommates 41 Rental Housing 43 Homes for Sal#
CAMPUS RATES ALL CLASSIFICATIONS 70c per line per day for 1 -3 days 50c per line per day foT 4-5 days 40c per line per day for 6 -f days
ADS DROPPED OFF BEFOnE 10 A M WIU START 2 WORKING DAYS LATER
-■V I > I I.............................a	I I I I
WHEN YOU ARE USING ALL CAPITALS STOP AT OR BEFORE BOX 34
OTHERWISE YOU MAY CONTINUÉ TO THE END OF THE LINE 2 LINE MINIMUM
- !■ ■■ a:, ' J mlc-.-iat' ■ iX Cashp..,. mt