Mustang Daily
California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo
50th year. No. 91
Monday, April 7,1986
Lacrosse fire: Poly wages war against Santa Barbara
Members of the Cal Poly lacrosse team struggle for control of the ball. Cal Poly was trounced Sur>day by an undefeated Santa Barbara. 17-7, dropping the Mustangs' record to 4 and 5. One team member says the lack of a practice held last week hurt the team's chances tor victory. For a story on the game plus other weekend sports action see page 8
OASYL SHORT AUOH/Mu*Une Oally
Parking permit violators
Public Safety to give fines
By Rebecca Manner
Stalt WrH»r
Because an increasing number of Cal Poly students and faculty members are improperly displaying their parking permits, the Public Safety Department will soon be Pining violators.
Beginning April 14, parking officers will issue S3 citations to vehicles on which permits have been improperly placed. This comes after years of not enforcing university parking regulations as stated in the Cal Poly Handbook of Parking Rules, said Cindy Campbell, Public Safety parking officer.	.
According to Campbell, parking officers recently have found
See PARKING, page 7
International professional wrestling returns to San Lu(s Obipso this Wednesday. Page 8.
i
Design contest results in: nolstplace
By Taffy Renkowitz
sun WrIUr
No first place award was given in the Dexter Building/Landmark com[>etition because none of the entrants satisfactorily solved all of the significant requirements, according to a judges’ repiort which will be made public tonight.
The winning design will not be constructed during spring quarter as originally planned, but the second and third prize winners will still receive the promised cash awards, said landscape * architecture professor Alice Loh.
The award winners were originally announced on March 10, but no explanation was given as to why there was no first prize.
Loh, who was a senior project adviser for the competition and one of the judges, said in a competition a reason is not necessary. Judges need only to announce the winners.
In the competition, students were asked to redesign the entrance to the Dexter Building near the Cellar. The remodeled Dexter Building now houses the departments of art, city afuj regional planning and landscape architecture.
Guidelines for the competition, which is a senior project of three landscape architecture students, required the designs “to identify the departments within, to make the entrance visible and to be a viable exterior space."
Also, some kind of landmark should be the focus of the space, as specified in the competition requirements.
According to the judges' report, the second place design failed to create a clear, distinctive landmark identity for the departments involved.
See DESIGN, back page
IN A WORD
re*a*lla — n., real things; objects or' activities used by a teacher to relate classroom fbaching to real life.
WEATHER
Partly cloudy Monday night with a decreasing chance of showers. Fair Tuesday with highs near 70 and lows In the mld-40a.

Monday. April 7,1986
- editorial.
GUEST VIEWPOINT
Bob Wolf
‘Lord of the Flies’ Revisited
William Golding aptly wrote of man’s return to his natural state of barbarism when devoid of authority. We remember his book, “Lord of the Flies,” a story of boys shipwrecked on an island who resort to violence and the idolatry of a conch shell to celebrate their independence and paganism.
Golding’s basis in truth not only recalled man’s history but prophesied spring break 1986 across the country. A similar scenario to that deserted island somewhere in the Pacific took place in Palm Springs, California, U.S.A.
Thousands of students across the country, including Cal Poly students (and you know who you are) washed up on the sandy desert terrain: released victims of a quarter of classes and a week of finals.
To enjoy a week of fun and relaxation was the initial intent of most students, but this innocence deteriorated as a mania of barbarism replaced it.
The sheer numbers of students left the Palm Springs Police Department with little authority in their futile attempts at crowd control. Aha! Seize the moment! With independence as a motivation and a beer can as an idol, students of engineering, the arts and sciences, the humanities (or lack thereoO. reverted to self-imposed states of delinquency, thievery, pornography and vandalism. Rampant sex and lewd conduct startled none as the fourth, fifth and sixth days of spring break came and went.
And on the seventh day they rested, more out of sheer physical exhaustion than peace. Having conquered the land, they were happy. The cars were loaded up with the remains of belongings and friends and headed back to their respective schools. Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, one of them. Perhaps it is the blonde student utting next to you in speech class who wore no top in a convertible down the main drag of Palm Springs. Perhaps it is the freckle-faced woman sitting behind you in calcuhis class who tore off her shirt. You may never know, as authority has once again imposed a semblance of calm over the university.
Environmental problems are alarming
Today let’s talk about ecotastrophe. What? Yes, ecotastrophe. It’s sort of a word from about 1970.
The early ’70s were the heyday of environmentalism in this country when lots of people began to look seriously at problems such as air and water pollution and depletion of resources. Some people, including some very knowledgable ones, predicted that at the rate things were going, our delicate ecosystem would not tolerate humanity’s abuses much longer.
Even then, most proponents of ecotastrophe were labeled as extremists and alarmists. And today, during a decade in which people seem much more concerned with their incomes than the quality of their air and water, predictions of environmental disaster are not receiving much attention at all.
As you might have guessed, my sympathies are with the ecotastrophists. Geologically, IS years is a negligible time and the verdict is not in yet on most of their warnings^ And what’s wrong with being an alarmist if that means expressing alarm at a potentially caudysmic danger?
Here are just a few of the environmental problems which could make our lives miserable, or even impossible, in the next century or so.
Destractloa of the Earth’s OaoM Layer. It’s well-known that the stratosphere’s layer of ozone, which absorbs much of the sun’s ultraviolet radiation, is steadily being destroyed by
various effects of industrial society. These include nuclear testing, jet plane emissions, auto emissions, agricultural fertilizers and aerosol spray cans. Recently, careful measurements indicate that as much as 0.3 percent per year is being lost worldwide. At that rate, in less than 100 years it will be impossible to go outside when the sun is out. But long before that, perhaps in only 20 years, plankton will be unable to reproduce, throwing the Earth’s fo^ chain into chaos.
CoalamluatioB of Groaid Water. In the ’70s there was much publicity given to successful clean-up efforts of polluted lakes and rivers. The ’80s are bringing us a rude surprise: pollution (plus depletion) of ground water, though less visible than pollution of lakes and rivers, is a much more serious problem, in part because no one has any idea how to clean it up. The list of highly toxic chemicals which continue to find their way into our drinking water is incredibly alarming. By now almost every state has located serious ground water contamination. In California, Central Valley agriculture has caused major water problems, and even the supposedly “clean” Silicon Vidley microchip industry has severely polluted local water. Will life be tolerable in a world where the most readily available sources of water are too polluted to drink and perhaps even to wash in?
PoUatloB BBd ovcrflahlag of
the occaas. Directly and indirect-
ly (via lakes and rivers), industrialized society has used the oceans as its main garbage can. Of course once our waste pro-ducts make it to the ocean, they can proceed to kill and contaminate ocean life. Marine biologists concerned about the huge increase in the concentration of toxic metals such as mercury, lead and cadmium estimate at least 23 percent of the DDT ever produced is now in the ocean. At the same time, high-powered modem fishing techniques have overfished many important fisheries almost to extinction. Jacques Cousteau estimates the total amount of ocean life today is less than half of what it was in 1900. Life on this planet began in the ocean. If we kill the oceans off, will life on land be able to survive?
Radiadoa and Nadcar Waste. In the past 40 years, significant quantities of highly radioactive, long-lived isotopes have been created by nuclear weapons testing and the nuclear power industry. At least the nuclear industry is regulated much more carefully than, say, the chemical waste industry. However, the military and its nuclear wastes are not so carefully regulated. The verdict is no( yet in on whether our generation will solve this problem, but if we don’t, future generations (if any) may curse us for our stupidity.
Bob Wolf is a Cal Poly mathematics professor.
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR
Foundation ‘loan’ to athletics is a ‘scam’
Editor — Mustang Daily (April 3) reported that the Cal Poly Foundation "loaned" $250,(XX) to the Intercollegiate athletic program and that the "loan" would be repayed by the general student body through fee Increases or higher prices at El Corral and Food Services. How can you call this a "loan?" It's a scami We, the students, haven't been asked
(through referendum) If we want to raise our fees, and If we refuse to In the future they'll |ust raise prices at El Corral and Food Services to get our money that way. Maybe this "creative financing" wouldn't bother me so much If the money was to be spent in a way that benefitted the majority of Cal Poly students, but It won't be. The money Is to go to athletic scholarships (as you reported) so that a few hot-shot athletes can attend Cal Poly while the rest of us finance their educa-
tion, as well as our own.
KEN STROUD
Greek community is active at Cal Poly
Editor — Frequently we read In Mustang Dally complaints concerning Greeks. I would like to enlighten Cal Poly of the positive aspects of the Greek system.
Each fraternity arrd sorority organizes their own events to raise money for local and national chari-
tles such as canned food drives for the local Grassroots Association, marathon-type events for the National Heart Association and local blood drives.
Greeks are also involved in campus projects. Alpha Sigma is In charge of maintenance of the "P." All the fraternities operate and participate In the Interfraternity Council Escort Service, and on Good Neighbor Day every fraternity and sorority participates. Last year more than three-fourths of the partlcl-
pants ware from the Greek community.
In addition to philanthropic activities, most Graeks are vary active contributors to Cal Poly. Each year at least one-fourth of the ASI stu dent senators are Greek. This year more than half of the ASI PresI dent's executive staff Is Greek Greeks are also Involved In ASI committees, clubs, sports and other extra-curricular activities.
GINA AMENTA Greek Relations, ASI Executive Staff
Mustang Daily	
Donald Munro	Editor
Dan Ruthemeyer	Managing Editor
Rebecca Berner	Lifestyle Editor
Susan Edmondson	Spotlight Editor
Gregg Schroeder	Insight Editor
Julia Prodls	Editorial Page Editor
Margaret Apodaca	Photo Editor
T. Williams	Sports Editor
A.J. Schuermann, Jr.	Classified Ad Manager
Claudia Snow	General Manager
NIahan Havandjian	Faculty Adviser
University Graphic Systems	
Steve Muck	(General Manager
Katie Dougherty	Publishing Manager
JudyCartson	Asst. Mgr. Newspaper Production
Sharon Aktaya	Aaet. Mgr. Spedai Publications
BLOOM COUNTY
wm m. imf Mnor MunttiiWfm iDsawmimotT mtotmtsKJom rntmuoau. itrmrw mmaPN.
t/ism A
wr____JA
cm —n '

(/
by Berke Breathed

pomm»
immuo mtmVHBAP ofysumt^ ^ /
MuManf n«tl> IN puMi\h«d Jaitx	«ffricfKlv. httiMiayv, anü	|wrHiü>t h> ihr ImirnaliMn Dcpannrm. <*ahfiwi4i Pkilviadiiik:	ÜM-
%CTMI>, San I MIN (HviNpii. AdNcriiMiip app«arMf Mem ts s«4rh Un iNitwnMiMmMl	«ml «Iucn ma ra|wts#m* m mdirf icmciii tH' ilw rubk’Jirr
tw ihc Liu\crNii>. Opimons c%prcNN«d tn	adMcmalN iw arHvk<^ arc iIh»sc iii ihc »rMcr ami dit ma MvcNsarib nnw 4m i|ie	o( «laff iw
«htf PMbkNlicr. ÜMNifwd «ditoriaK rrfirvt iNc ma|ohi> «wm of iIk likutrMl Buard. cimMsiiin ««T ilir «duof manmiaa eêkem anJedMu*islpiie<dait* FrodMw-idhy Umt«rNâ> tirqplik S^si|p*x. CHrKthxeieilie	AilN BmldSiif. BoimbÎM.	’ '
Mustang Da«y Monctay, April 7,1986

Woman suspected in bombing
ATHENS, Oreeoe (AP) — PoUoe said Sunday they qucstkxH ed Arabs and other foreignen at Athens airport about the TWA jetliner bombín* that killed four Americans, but that a Lebanese woman remained their only suspect.
Athanassios Zafeiris, security poUoe chief for the Athens area, said the airport interrogatioos were part of a general- inquiry ud stressed: “We're not searching for any specUic people or investigating any specific actions. No one has been anested or is being held."
Police said they still suspected that a Lebanese woman named May Elias' Mansur i^ted the bomb on the Trans World Airlines Boeing 727 on a flight Wednesday from Cairo to Athens. The plane went on to Rome. The bomb exploded as the plane was flying back to Athens and Cairo, and was 15,000 feet over southern Oreeoe.
Feds join in fíre investigation
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Federal agents joined the investigation Sunday of an explosion and fire that destroyed an industrial complex, and firefighters continued pumping out water that blocked their search for seven missing people.
A federal official said the blast may have been touched off by accidental ignition of lacquer spray.
Fire officials said 7 million gallons of water was sprayed onto the fire that injured at least 20 people Friday and left the three-story Bayview Industrial Park a pile of charred debris. Water stood up to five feet deep in paru of a basemoit area that had been underneath the complex.
Damage was estimated at SIO million to the complex, which conuined 126 small businesses, ranging from sheet metal shops and artists’ studios to a photography lab and carpentry shops.
WESTERN DANCE CLASS
-Partners not necessary-
■poowd by ASI Rac SporU CALPOLT Tuesday, Bag.: 6:30-8 pin
M./Adv : 6-9:30 pm
O UnbwsSy Union's Mustang Loungo. Ctwsss start 4/S and 6/6 wWi Suanna and Data.
SLO
Wednesdays, Beg.: 7-6:30 pm
im./AlK.: 8:30-10 pm
RMwOw rVIt NK. HOORI, cMJ RiMOQw SH.
Classes start 4/30 «4th Rohin.	^
it'Crir'tr'ir'ir'trtrtr'ififititirifiriririrtcir
^	^	Get A Running J
Start On Your j}-Fall Housing.,,
xv
Closeat off can^Nis housiii^ ^ toCalPdy	j4
•	Security and Comfort jt
•	Pool, recreation and ^
meetingrooma	^
'• AUreaerved parking ^
•	Five laundry faeflidea ^
•	Creekaide balooniea ^
•	A place to atudy
•	Convenient to banka and ahopping centera
Houra:	^
Mon, Wed, Fri, Sat 9am-^pm ^ Tue, Thura dam-^pm	^
Under New Management	jA
^ IMlWlAWiGVILLAgEi	^
^0^ Mustang Dr, SIX) 543^1950 ^
Video camera set up in bookstore
■yRrtBCcaHaaacr
auftwnsK
In an effort to control the increasing number of backpack thefts at El Corral Bookstore, a video camera has been installed to monitor the backpack locker area at the front of the store.
Public Safety Investigator Ray Barrett hopa the video camera, which was installed by the Cal Poly Public Safety Pepartment about two-weeks ago uid ctm-dnuaUy monitors the backpack storage area, will aid the department in catching backpack thieves.
Aooordiiig to Berrett, the video camera has been very successful in awisting the department in its
efforts to control such thefts.
In a four-day period between March 28 and 31, four backpacks were reported stolen from the bookstore and an additional one was reported taken from the Snack Bar.
But according to Berrett, many more backpacks are stolen from these areas on campus, yet students often will report sudi incidents only to the bookstore and not inform the Public Safety Department.
To reduce the chance of having their backpacks stolen, Berrett suggests students check their packs into the check-in booth in front of the bookstore during the first week of the new quarter or
put them into the coin-operated lockers.
Berren reminds studenu that ■-the locker space is free, and although students must put a quarter in the locker to get the key out to lock it, 'the money is returned when the key is reined.
If students leave . their backpacks umttended anywhere on campus, Berrett warned, the odds are the packs will be stolen.
Students should take their backpadts with them or have someone they know watch the packs while they’re gone, said Berrett.
Reagan ends vacation; set to work against terrorism
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Reagan ended a 10-day California vacation Sunday, returning to work on a renewed campaign against international terrorism in the wake of another wave of atucks aimed at Americans.
While stopping short of blaming Libyan leader Moammar Khadafy for two attacks last week in which Americans were killed, an administration ofTicial
accused Khadafy of sponsoring “a master plan ... to cause terrorist inddenls worldwide.’’
Reagan, who spent a working vacation at his mountaintop ranch near Santa Barbara doing chores and horseback riding, was briefed on the explosions on a TWA airliner approaching Athens and in a West Berlin discotheque popular among U.S. soldiers.
Earlier in the week, the White
House responded cautiously to placing blame on Libya as the pouible agent behind the bomb that killed four Americans on the TWA fhght bound from Rome to Athens on Wednesday.
In Thursday’s news briefing, however. White House spokesman Larry Speakes stressed the Reagan administration was not ruling out Khadafy as a possible suspect.
Super Savings at:
□KANEY
the product center
Cash ‘n’ carry division
American Brand
Hamburger Patties
0 g03lb.bao
"extra lean"
12 patties per bag Not to exceed 22% fat
Stouffers
Meat or Vegetable
Lasagna
10.99
• V.
W ",
96 oz.
Serves 12-14
Special Events, Parties, or Just alot of people to feed—
Shop at Kanay’s for leataurant Quality Foods
Rnata
Red chili -Beef & Bean
Burritoe
429
_	24pk.
Heat n’ Serve or Microwave
Rent Your Equipment Early for Poly Royal
Msosavaon:
MMts • DeN • Frozen Foods Canned Foods • Soft Drinks Cigarettes • Candy • Pastas Paper Products • Office Supplies Janhortal • Food Service Equipment
PUBLIC WELCOME
203 SutMirban Rd., 8an Lirit Obispo Mon. - Fri. 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sat. 9 a.m. • 5 p.m.
.5^7603
Monday. ApcM 7.1966MuilangDaly
Sdoillsts predict
euthquake Id Soatbcm CiUf omia
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Southern CaUfomia should expect major earthquake soon, say two local scientists who suggest that the gravitatioaai pull of the sun and moon nmy have helped trigger great quakes here in the past.
Astronomer Steven Kilston and geophysicist Leon Knopoff say Southern CaUfomia has entered a time when the puU of tun and moon is greatest on the San. Andreas Fault, and the most vulnerable time appears to be November 19f7.
“But sre’re not predicting an carthquakf in November of I9C7,'* Knopoff empbasiz-ed.
They said 10 of the 13 major earthquakes in the area in the last five decades occurred near sunrise or sunset, when there is a strong influence of solar gravity. Also, most oo-curred in nearly 11.6-year intervals that coincide with, the northernmost posUioa of the amon.
Their findings were puMkhed in a 1903 article in Nature, a British science JoansaL aad have generated several studies since then.
Ag-science building is project of I^oly grads
ByTtaiRoMuoB staff UMlw
...AJocal architecture firm made up almost entirely of Cal Poly graduates has finished designs on the new agricukure-sdenoe building scheduled to begin construction later this month.
Venture Architects, a conglomeration of two local Arms, was given the contract last December. It marks the first time in Cal Poly history that a local firm has been given a nujor design project.
The new building will be located in the parking lot in front of the Campus Store, near the Robert E. ~ Kennedy Library. It will cost an estimated S3.5 million and incorporate a 'nostalgic, look to Mend in wteh tome of the older structures on
**We were anxious to do a building that wouldf' attempt to tie in the traditional architectural ekmenti, such as sloping roofs, making our building fit in what we caO a particular architectural vocabulary,** said MacIntyre. He added that Georgs Hasslein, a professor in the architecture department, was instrumental in getting the contract for his firm.
MacIntyre added that his l*s proposal is S300,000 lower the SS.I million allocated by the state.
"We*rt real bulbah in wanting peopk to know that the low bidder oa the project wm ^00,000
Our Doors Are Always Open To You!
Are you looking for htmeing far your confsrsnoes, fraternity or eorority akimni or club meetIngsT
Now your group can stay dosar to Cal Pi^ than ever before
MUSflANG VlUAgE
... now affare a haaals free way for your groupe to stay togsthir for the weak, wuehand or semmar. We weieome al those who daelro to stay ks the doaast off campus hoaeteg te Cal Poly. It’s a short wafc toreaba and convoniant to downtown. Whlo Is 8LO Uve In eomfortabla. ftimished earround^ whh many eaneaftiee each ae a ewknadag poet SMOtteg roonm, park aroae oad wooded hOy iiHlagi 10mtsa»sstothsboach.aoeeonei^ Se drive to Mono Bay, San Staooa, Gnmkria, ote.
cel no or atop by oar afBee If yea hove oay

1 Musting Dr« San Luis Obispo {
543-4950

■jiÆâSmià


Thai
I of that
.The balding wM 4
below our budget, so k nukes us look like real heroes,** said MacIntyre.
Among the other Cal Poly graduates to work oa the project is Daniel Clark, who graduated in 1971. Clark was the project coordinator in charge of the actual drawing of the design. He worked for a Los Angeles-based firm for six years before coming bock to San Luis Obispo two years ago.
Another Cal Poly graduate, Andrew Blasjo, and a current Cal Poly student, Tim Schulze, were responsible for doing the brimt of the drawings. Blasjo, a 1980 graduate, said training at Cal Poly gave them a good foundation for understanding some of the particular aspeett of the bunding.
However, Schulze, who is expecting to graduate next year, added that there should be more
emphasis put on actual work experience essential for al working architects.
**I think more people should be involved in actually working in the field while they’re going to
The bid is $300,000 lower than the $5.8 million allocated by the state
school, so they can see what it*s about rather than graduating and being totally disenchanted with what they’re doing.**
Several other Cal Poly gradu-
I Inaa la la In srili Urn aroMteeturo of
h	JM^^^maa^nasa^hA I^Sm
P	«HV MOIItll«
ates mere instnimental in helping with the design. Rod Levin, a 1938 graduate and George
Stewart, a 1973 graduate, are also owners of the firm along with BBI Maul. They, along with MacIntyre, have taught at Cal Poly in recem years.
The project arill take an estimated 18 months to flnith aad will requko the Venture Architects Arm as consultants until h is complesed. The project, which has been designed to fit in with the unique Cal Poly look, will also be a amatelpiece for some former Cal Poly students.
“For nqrseif, being a student there aad havtaig done some of the work on it was exciting for me.** said Schulae. “And what 1 fed that I've done by working on the project is 'team by doing,’ which is the motto of Cal Poly.”
FREE SPINAL EXAMINATION
Johnston Chiroproctic Clime Inc. is sponsoring a spinol checkup ond Scoliosis Screening progrom os o public service. This service will include consultotion physicol exominotion, or>d o report of findings
WAINM6 SI6NS0F SPMU MBAUGtlMiNrS
•UaMtUfMi
M you suffer from any of theso warning sigm coN iminodioisfy to prevent posiiblo odvoncing compikotions. This Free Spinal pu^ service is for o limiSsd tinw only, by oppoinlment, pleom.
Cm) ^	FWom mention odot time of visit
For An Appointment Call 541-2727
Johnston Chiropractic Clinic
Palmer Graduate 1150 Grove Street San Luis Obispo
Mustang DaHy Monday, April
7,1986 5
Just weighting around

'i.
■W.







At Mimmtr «pprotchtt, many ttudantt ruth to gat into thapa for tha baach. But In tha Cal Poly walght room, body bulMIng It mora than a taaaonal aothrtty. Thaaa ttudantt art grunting and. puffing In aaarch of tha parfact phytiqua. Top: phytlcal aduoatlon malor Julia
Hoots Uftt to knprova har parformanca on tha track taam. Ltft: Blologloal tclanca malor Tarry Kannar arorkt out on tha lat pull. Balow: micro biology atudant Monica BoruoM takaa a braathar from har workout
Photos by Ken Dintzer


.•V

Í --


. ■
.-1 ■ ■	T.-',


■ . I
■/
, Monday, April 7.198Ó Mustang Dally
6 candidates to run for president


By Jennifer Smagabi
SunWilMr
The 1986 ASI presidential campaign has surpris«! studenu and administrators with a large turnout of candidates seeking the office.
Six students are running for the position; Kevin Fox, Tyler Hammond, Mike Hogan, Steve Johnson, David Kaminskas and Kevin Swanson.
Both students and administrators expressed that an increased awareness and concern about student government has had an impact on the amount of interest in the election. “The participation in the election is a tion of how productive
repecti(
has been this year, and students want to get involved,” said Tyler Hammond, presidential candidate.
Roger Conway, director of the University Union, said people are realizing ASI is a student corporation for the benefit of students. ASI servica and programs control S3 million a year. “Legaily, they (presidents) have responsibilities that most people don’t have until they tuve been out of school for 10 years,” he said.
Stan Van VIeck, a candidate for ASI vice president, believa the number of students running for president wiU encourage the student body to become involv-
I



. J
Whether you wont to build your body or just take off o few extra pounds, we con help you look your best.
JOIN DURING OUR SPRING SPECIAL
I MONTHS
1
V
or è monthi
$109.00
ed. “Eviery vote will make a difference, especially in this year’s election,” he said.
' Because so many people are running tor office, Kaminskas, a presidential candidate, anticipates a run-off. The problem with having a run-off el^on is students assume a candidate wili win because be had the most votes in the first round. StudenU fail to vote in the run-off election, resulting in poor student representation, Kaininskas said.
The six candidates will talk about student issues on KCPR radio from 7 to 9 p.m. Tuesday. Listener phone calls will be taken on the air.
Great Peace March to cross Nevada border Tuesday despite rain
CAL NEVA. Calif. (AP) — The Great Peace March for Nuclear Disarmament, camped just 400 yards from the state border, planned to crou into Nevada on Tuesday after getting federal campsite permits, a spokesman said Sunday.
Rain fell on the 250 marchers shortly before noon Sunday, said spokesman Bill O’Neill.
He said they will obtain U.S. Bureau of Land Management permits Monday and “we will cross the border Tuesday.”
About 1,2(X) people began the 3,200-mile trek to Washington, D.C., on March 1 in Los Angeles, but they ran out of money and all but a few hundred quit before more cash and equipment got them started again.
topping oU prices hamper renovation
irBnidCarfit	/
«•ItWMMr
Plans to renovate the B|B|toeering Eist bstildiai may be waning due to CaHfqrnia’s dcdiniag ofl reveona.
Douglas Oared. «#cuii«Mlaia of ftadjngfof tfaecapitalouliurgaairamiajMiiwgpdar«i i» the CSU system and coBMu from Ow^CaBGuilriiMiadloilTCwanue. Oetard said dropping oS prieti torn kmIfuBibiWNMit of income asafliAlatothesystisn. ’*S«nmfsspMdmi^aMuiN^ said Ocrard.
Oov. DeuktnajinalBdiKiad SlAOQOatM budget. foNowintfernnimefGMimi flnodUg ralianiin Bonid of *f);ustnm.
■laang rwamittnaCbaingan Jrdin mrtmki will BmCaMfornia legialativt budget annlyit Im radeoBrngiiill tki prafnet, ahnsi with others in tike Cau system, be cMoeiedHicgdirnfttaBiBbmf funds.
Janwe Harris,head of theeiectfOBic ami ngtlrlral engiueeriag
fully expect to see an architect around basaaggNthne this spring or rummer,” said Harris. Oetidng the project Mo tike governor’s bodUet was a eenjor step, said Harris. “Tlmgattctdeat'ttcpisto get the budget past the l^iatata.”
' • In MardL the CaMfonria Board ofTrustemreronnBiBrtwd the govemor’sproipoeedbudgctbeaaBendodtotMdt2(I.OOOforpre-hariaary pira and wortd^ drawings for the prdect Now, said Oerard,oolyprehminary piannif« funds are-beiug supported at an estimated coel of SaStOOO.
Harris said there is a daraoMtifled needfoit de project. “We doo’thave the resourem we need to'nmangffkient iliipniimutt,” said Harris. “Wears worUag in a 1957-SI time ffaeae when vacuum tubm were used. Thiaga have changed and we need the facilities to keep ap with the new technology,” said Harris.
The remodsMng plans iadude the total reoovatioa of all eadsting labs and shop areas, Harris said, phM piaas to bald new shop areas, laboratories and adthtioiial space for fhedty and departaumt offices. “We may add a second floor.” said Harris.
McCombs said the cost of the pn^ect is esrimated at $4.5 million and should be completed ia 1999. “^om what 1 bear. I’m about 90 peroent oertam that the project will go on.” said McCoakbe. “1 just hope it doesn’t take 17 years to complete like the new eogiosoring biiOdingdid.”
Harris said there is a lot of red tape. “So far we’ve jumped through every hoop they've asked us to. I’m stiU very pooilive abouttbeproject”
Jansport Tee-Shirt
Give Away
April 7-11
Buy a Jansport Backpack and receive a free Jansport Tee«Shirt.
*While Sapply Lasts^
I • e d e «
* I » I ft s f * * «
I » .k*tih**
I., 3541,S, Higuera. SIQ Ml-SIM ..
EJ CDfrai	Bookstij^e
ttl«l»ea9«s Iil9re«esf«si-ri
Monday, Aprl[7,1986 Mustang Dally
New title is part of restructuring parking
By DawaJ. Jackson
SlitfWrIMr
The Director of Business Affairs for Cal Poly had his tide changed to Vice President for Businas Affairs April 1 as part of President Warren J. Baker’s restructuring of his suff. .
Jim Landreth. who held the position for almost 15 years, will ■i. have the same job duties. He has five distinctive areas .of responsibility which include campus fiscal operations, budget planning and administration, planning and support services, public safety and the business and plant operations functions of housing and conference services.
“I am pleased that the presi-I ^ dent has seen fit to changf; my title,” said Landreth, who has ~ been working at the Cal Polys, here and in Pomona, for almost 30 years.
In a memorandum to his top staff members, Baker wrote: "With the title change for Landreth, I note the restructufing of the administration of the university and I also recognize the exemplary job that (he) has done in a vital role.”
There will now be four vice presidents directly accounUble to Baker: the vice president for academic affairs, who will also act as senior vice president, the vice president for information systenu, the vice president for university relations and Lan-dreth’s position.
The vice president for academic affairs is a title change for the
provost position. Provost Tomilson Fort will leave his position on July 1, and an interim vice president for academic affairs will take over on that date. Landreth said they hope to initiate recruitment for that position soon. A permanent vice présidait for academic ^ affairs is expected to be appointed by Jan. 1.
The position of vice president for information systems is new to Cal Poly. That person will be in charge of administrative and instructional services for communication on campus, including data base management, information systems planning, university computer systems and telecommunications.
Baker formed a committee to choose the vice president for information systems; Landreth is on the 13-member committee. He was also named to the 14-member task force to search for solutions to the problems of funding athletic scholarships.
James Strom has been the vice president for university relations for almost 2 years.
According to Howard West, associate executive vice president, Landreth’s title change came about because of the resignation of Provost Tomlinson Fort, the recommendation that a vice president for information systems be established and that the chief provost title will be changed.
“With those issues at hand, it
probably seemed an appropriate time to recognize the function that Landreth has been performing all of this time,” West said.
LandrOh said his title change, along with the restructuring of Baker’s suff, was prompted by a new CSU system policy. “It’s now a trend in the CSU for people in my position and with my responsibUities to have this title.”
The CSU system was structured for years by a unique policy that only allowed for two vice presidents per university. Traditionally there was always a vice president of academic affairs, said Landreth.
About two years ago the CSU implemented a nunagement personnel plan as a byproduct of collective bargaining., Those persons that held madagemem or supervisory level positions were exempt from collective bargaining.
With the new^ policy, presidents were given more flexibility to change job titles and assignments.
“The real impact occurred at the vice president level,” said Landreth.
Three other administrators work under the general direction of Baker, and won’t have title changes: Jan Pieper, director of personnel and employee relations; Russ Brown, dean of stu-denu; and Douglas Ocrard, executive dean of facilities administration.
Gunman’s brother may be of help in hostage situation
EULESS, Texas (AP) , — A two-day-old sundoff cotatinued Sunday between police and an armed man holding his ex-wife hostage in a convenience store, but a brother of the guiunan was allowed to enter the store in an effort to end the impasse.
Police talked to Malone Mauele by phone early Sunday. At one point, some of the more
than two dozen police officers surrounding the store began putting on gas masks, but no move was made to go inside.
Mauele, 27, had been holding his ex-wife. Sane, since Friday night in the store where she works. He allegedly shot and wounded a policeman who answered a silent alarm at the store.
From page 1
themselves spending an increasingly longer amount of time "searching on our hands and knees for the permits.”
Such permit searches not only coat parking officers valuable time, but in turn cost the Public Safety Department more money, she said.
The only correct placement for perihanently affixed parking pcrmiu is on the right rear bumper Of the vehicle, according to the official rules.
The Parking Handbook also specifics that a floating parking permit — one that is detMhable ~ may be issued to an individiul who Is In a car pool or owns and registers more than one vehicle to a single permit.
A floating permit can also be used if the vehicle bumper design will not accommodate afflxing the permit, specifically if there' is no bumper or if it’s wooden, cor-rigated, painted, Fiberglas,,. plastic or rubber, said Campbell.
Floating permits must be hung from the rearview mirror or from a flipped-down sun visor, with
the writing on the permit facing toward the back of the vehicle, according to the handbook.
Daily or weekly parking permits can only be legally be placed face up in the center of the dashboard.
CiUtiolis will be issued if any out-of-date parking permiu have not been removed from vehicle bumpers after they have expired, the rules stipulate.
Individuals who receive fines for any of the above parking permit violations will have 14 days to appeal the ciution or pay the fine, s^ Campbell.
If the violation errors are corrected in that 14-day period and the vehicle is Uken to the Public Safety Department to prove that, the citation will be voided, stesaid.
APPLICATIONS are now being accepted for editor of Mustang 'Daily for the 1986-87 school year. For more information call Donald at 546-1143. The deadline for applications is April 11.
The woman had been intermittently bound and gagged, and although Mataele’s younger brother initially persuaded him to untie her, she was bound again later, said police Capt. T.C. Free.
After the brother entered. Free said Mataele was calmer and “we believe the brother is having a positive effect.”
' tl

8
Monday, Aprii 7,198ó









TM.-'%
1^-
fw¡


OARVL «HOfTAUOMMaMM« OaBy
Crtatin L«v«rt« r*tums a backhand during a match Friday againat UC Rlvar-sida. Tha Muatanga won 90 and Improvad thair racord to ^
Lady Mustangs ace UC Riverside 9-0
The Cal Poly women*i ten-nii team easily defeated visiting UC Rivenide Friday 90.
Mary Langenfeld, Chris Calandra, Cristin Leverte, CiCi Barbe and Lynn Jyson won their singles matches to lead the Lady Mustangs to the victory.
Thj^ win improved the Mustangs record to 3-3, to put them in a tie for third place behind Hrst-place Cal State Northridge and second-place Cal Poly
Pomona.
The Lady Mustangs were forced to take cover on Saturday and Sunday because of rain and their matches scheduled against Chapman College and Cal Poly Pomona were cancelled.
The match against Pomona was supposed' to be a makeup that was originally cancelled because of rain. So now it looks like they’ll have to schedule a make-up match to make-up the make-up match.
SUMMEmS ALMOST HESEt _ JL§
the
ICE CREAM PARLOUR
has
Elch ass4 Craasssy OM Faahloncd Milk Shakaa asstf Malta!
a a •
Valisablc coupon worth .if c towayda a shako or snalt.	____
Good Thru 4/11/86^ ^	,%9
Wrestlers return to Poly
The human drama and excitement of flying head butts, body slams and strangle holds will return to Cal Poly Wednesday night when international professional wrestling comes to the Main Oym.
The main event of the night will feature the continuing fued between “Chief’ Jay Strongbow Jr. and challenger “Wildman” Jack Armstrong.
The Chief, who got his name by wearing moccasins, head feathen and war paint in the ring, has been on the warpath for Wildman all year, but neither wrestler has been able to achieve a decisive
However, Wednesday night a winner must be declared by either a pin or submission, with no stopping due to injury, time limit or disqualification.
“I’m sick and tired of this loam (Wildman) buying his way out of being beat," said the Chief. “This time we*0 settle it once and for all, and when the smoke clears I’ll be the one left standing in the middle of the ring.”
In reply the Wildman said, “The Indian’s a crybaby — 'a nothing.”
Other matches on the bill will inciude one between two women, Ava Savage and “The Perfect 10“ ~Rqute Behnat, who has
been called the “stongest, best built and most beautiful gladiator.”
And as a special attraction there will be midget wrestling. “Pepper” Gonzales will square off against the shifty “Little Tokyo.”
Tickets for this evening of pure athletic competition are on sale now at the University Union, Cheap Thrills, Boo Boo records and will be on sale at the event. Prices are S9 ringside, S7 general admission and S5 for students and kids under 12. Mutches will begin at 8 p.m.



im




Mf-l


..., ■
'WUi
i
I:'
I

!»•

^ .





QaavtaHorrauaiiaiwiiiii iway
John Byron flnga a atw( at tlw UCM goal Airing • BMM Sunday. Tha Muatanga loat tha dual 17-7.
Lacrosse team ousted by UCSB
The Cal Poly lacrosse team suffered a loss to the undefeated UCSB Ouachos Sunday, 17-7.
“It was a very disappointing km,” said team memlm Mark Anderson. “They just outplayed us.”
Anderson abo said that he felt the team “wasn’t as intense this
---*- II
Part of the problem couid be
that they lost their practice field to the sohbaO team.
“We didn’t have a place to practice all week,” said Anderson. “We were (hiving around last week with a goal in the back of a truck looking for a place to practice.” They fmally found one atCuestaPark.
Anderson also said that spring break might have played a part
in the team’s lack of intensity, because of the week-long layoff from competition.
Scoring for the Mustangs rrere: Rente» Kreling with two goab; Russ Rodewald with two; Dick Abano with one; Gary Scharc with one and Lariy Hansen with (me.
The l(m (bopped the Mustangs overall record to 4-S.
LOWEST PRICES IN SLO
Large olae topping pi2zá and two 16 oz. soft drinks
é
FREE DELIVERY Additional toiildni^ for 99$	^
Popper Jack’s Pizza '149-8(516
Multano Do*y Monday, Aprtt 7. I960
Dodgers, Padres square off in season opener
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Lot Anieles Dodgert, who won the National League West championship last year, and the San Diego Padres, who captured the division title in 1964, meet Monday in a 1986 season-opener at Do^er Sudhim.
The game hu been a sellout since February. According to a Dodgers’ spokesman, it’s the earliest sellout in the club’s history.
Right-hander Eric Show, 12-11 last year, will start for the Padres against left-hander Fernando Valenzuela, 17-10 with a
2.45 earned run average for the Dodgers in 1985.
After a slow start, the Dodgers rallied to win the NL West by 5 Vi games over Cincinnati in 1985. The Padres, meanwhile, started fast in an attempt to defend their title, but faded and finished in a tie for third place with Houston, 12 games back.
The Dodgers were favorites to repeat as champions, but their situation changed drastically last Thursday during their final Florida exhibition game.
Slugging Los Angeles out-Hekkr PeA'o Guerrero suffered a
ruptured patella tendon below the left knee while sliding into third base in the first inning of a game against Atlanta and will be lost to the team for at least three months. ~
Guerrero was moved from third base to the outfield last June 1 and thrived on the switch immediately, hitting 15 home runs in the month of June. He finished the year with 33 homers and a .320 batting average.
“It’s a terrible, terrible thing,’’ D^ers Manager Tom Lasorda said of Guerrero’s injury. “Pedro means so much to our club. It’s a
tragic loss, but we still have a season to i^y. We’ll fight and do the best we can without him.’’
Lasorda is beginning his 10th year at the Dodgers’ helm. Meanwhile. San Di^o Manager Steve Boros will be managing his first game for the Padres. Boros was hired at the start of spring training, shortly after Dick Williams resigned as the Padres’ msnigcr.
Valenruela, 25, srill be making his fourth straight opening day start and his fifth in sbe years.
Valenzuela, who signed a three-year, S5.5 million contract
shortly before spring training, had a brilliant exhibition season, allowing only two earned runs in 31 innings while walking eight and striki^ out 27.
He had identical performances in his last two outings, against Minnesota and Montr^, hurling seven shutout innings and allowing four hits while walking none and striking out six in each game.
“I hope for the same thing during the season,’’ Valenzuela said after blanking Montreal last Wednesday in his last start.
Rockets upset Lakers
HOUSTON (AP) — Houston’s Akeem Olajuwon scored 25 points and Mitchell Wiggins hit three free throws in the final seven seconds as the Rockets ended more than five years of frustration with a 109-103 NBA victory over Los Angeles on Sunday.
The MidwM Division champion Rockets daded a string of 14 consecutive home losses to the Pacific Division champion Lakers, dating back to a 107-104 victory Nov, 12, I960.
The victory also gave Houston a club record 50 victories in a season and 35 home victories.
Olajuwon hit a basket with 3:45 to go and then rebounded his own free throw and Ralph Sampson slammed it home with 3:21 to go for a 104-92 lead.
When the Lakers pulled to 104-100 with 44 seconds to play Robert Reid helped ice the game with a jumper at 23 seconds.
Lot Angeles’ Byron Scott hit s three-point basket with 10 seconds to play but Wiggiiu, who scored IS points, sank three free throws over the closing seconds to clinch the victory.
Netters lose to Division I San Jose
The Cal Poly men’s tennis team it ranked No. 3 in Division II, but dropped another nutch to a Division I team Friday.
The Mustangs were defeated by Division I San Jose Sute 7-2, after a week off the courts for spring break.
“We were a little tight after the layoff from match competi-titm over the quarter break,’’ said Mustang coach Hugh Bream.
The only Mustang wins came from Dale Miimey at the No. 6 (ingles position and in doubles when he teamed up with Jfan Rakela.
Minney won Us singles match •gainst Lane Lyssy 6-1. 6-1, and the doubles team of Miimey and Rakela won their match 2-6, 6-4,
64.
Other than Minney’s win in smgles, Tom Salmon was t&e only other Mustang siimles player not to be beaten in straight sets.
loss dropped the Mustangs record to 7-6 overall, but Bream un’t too concemed. He said he likes playing tough DMsion I teams to test his team and Prepwe^ the players . for. league.
Magic Johnson scored 20 points and added 20 assists to led the Laken, who already have clinched the No. 1 playoff position in the Western Conference.
U i A *	Stote
10Ì1 MICiUI MA »Í'll-OÍÍOH

to//'
\f
Q
;hi<
Char-broiled
;ken-Breast Fillet
In Deliaitelv Seasoned Mariiuide
On Sourdough Roll
Ow/j$1.95
Reg. $2.35
QiuilHy Pmliicl Only ni{
Xn Fn in}>


VISTA GRANDE RESTAI)
3 new Sìa/a€Ìà
FIESTA SALAD SEAFOOD SUPREME CHICKEN BREAST SALAD
only $3.50
■nv-
Student



,‘ííra


ENTREPOmTE
FULL-SERVICE STUDEfSIT HOUSING
*Three att-yon-cnn-eat meal programs •Two- and three-bedrooan furnished suites *Compater Center
* AH utilities indnded except cable and phone *Recreatioaal facilities indude:
•Fttaessroom •Awofaics center •Spa
•Heated pool •Taaaia court -Baairethall court
•Conveniantiy loeuted to Cal Poly ami ahopping

mOAD
STREET
KITCHENETTE APARTMENTS
*Nawiy modaled Idtchenetta uaita with aaierowavea for tha independaat lifeatyle *Qaiat ooaafortaUe atudy oeutar •An utiKtiaa included azeept cable and phone
*JrOOI
•Conreaientiy located to Cal Poly and shopping





. '4s* ' i '
'v'



MO
Monday, Apr« 7,1986 Mutkmg DoNy
Beforeyou'moke
d long distance commHnieiit
mokesureyou kncw_
into.
\
X



If Fletcher Christian and Captain Bligh had known what being stuck in the same boat would mean, chances are neither would have set loot aboard.
And if you^ stucJc in the same boat with a long distance company that doesn’t give you all the services you need, itb easy to hailmr mutinous thoughts.
But when you A'DkT as your long distance company you kiMw you’re in for snmoth sailing. %u’ll get trouble^ree, reliable service. Immediate toig distance connectkMis—even at the busiest hours. And long distance operators to assist you with immediate
credit for wrong numbers and collect calling.
And you’ll get discounts off our Day Rate on your state-to-state calls. With savings of over 50% during weekends until 5pm Sundays, or nights from 11pm to Sam, Sunday throu^ Friday And 40% discounts evenings between 5pm and 11pm, Sunday through Friday
So when you’re asked to choose a long distance company sign aboard vrith ATHtT. With AW Long Distance Service, you’ll never be left stranded. Jiwt call 1 800 222-0300 kx' more information or to choose A'W. Reach out and touch someoita.*
OAUT 1966
Alur
Thfe right choice.
>» t * » 99 » » i 1
I t # • •

Monday, Aprii 7. I960
AIAA MMtlng MONDAY April 7¡mX In Sciano« North Rm. 21S 1«t MTg
of quartar. T-ahIrt daialgn oonlaat Nao rnambara watooma.______________
CalPolyT«MÍHl»‘*ooÍéty Meattng Tu««. 44 BAWL
SKI CLUB!! II
Wanta you to Ihair iwaating on Vtfad«.,
April 9, at 7á0 In Chumaah. Info on Poly Royal and SunvaNay ptoturaal Qat In-voivadlBathafall ‘_________________
SÓclaty of FlIght Taat Englnaara maating Mon. Aprti 7, SsOO PM Flaftar 8of. 286 Elactlona. Filma.
Soclaty of Automoflv« Englnaara Ganaral Maating Tuaaday 4ff 7PM Quaat Or. Mandai “Futura of Spaoa" Air Cond. Bld.12RM.110
Firai maatliig ol flpiliio Quartar Tuao^ April e.7PMaK;R
IVaRVBüC-------- ■ I, ....
Outlnga, laaaona, partía«, raoaa, and much mora funll Bíatharall
CAREER PLANNING 1 APRIL 2^, MAY 6TH, B MAY 13TH
E L. LAB KITS NOW IN STOCK FOR EL 248,348. MB, 381 EL CORRAL BOOKSTORE.
EVERYTHING IS COMING UP ROSES
Baoaaaara
ROSEFLOATS SPRNM RECRtNTMENTI Coma IM out aSaat Mta fun TIMNO.8PMUM220
It'a not too lata to apphrfw POLY REPSI AppHoatlon dua Friday.
LISTENING E NOTETAKINQ
TECHNIQUCB
APRIL 8TH 1CAM -ISNOON
LOOocoNfnrf
Opan to aN atudanta. ME OapL 1« looking lor dapt logo. Submit oopy to ME offlo« 13-294 bafora Aprs 21. WwtnlfM logo win raclay« 8128. For ntora Info, oul Marty at 541-1382.
lAOMOAYS
STRESS MANAGEMENT 3« PM FROCRASTMATION/PERFECnONISM 34 PM
a, Caaatra a, phyalcai . Sa^ A bit a
•aroblea, maaaaga,
dalanaa. ‘ coaohad waikoiiL •acuNyMan watgUt tratnbia aH etaaaaa am 818 «axoapt aaiablca-fa) Laat 44 «*« and ara law «mitmimmni. Stan up by tha 3rd wk. tal Via Raeia«Monat Sport« Offic«, UU1 ISA «r cal 948-1888 lar Hma«. prie«« and plaaaa. Ptaoa« IM laat
THURSDAYS
COPING WITH BULIMIA 10-11 JO AM TUESDAYS
improving your relationships
3« PM
WEDNESDAYS INCEST GROUP 24 PM DEFEATING SELF-DEFEATING BEHAVIORS 3« PM
ALL SINGLE WOMEN-CUP AND SAVE My numbar haa changed to 5440863. 7AM-11PM. Kaap In toucnil Frairko.
.DESPERATELY SEEKING MY POLY GOAT ESOORT ON 101. You arc my hero. How can I avar repay?
-A alaapy Bobcat
Goad Nalshbor Day r Sataiday, April 12
Would you or your club Ilka to help out na«(^ paoplalntha community? To volunlaar for thla annual avant atop by UU 217 or Can 5480478.
SO YOU WANT TO BE A POLY REP INFO AND APPLICATIONS In ADMIN. 214.
A1 Saoralailalaarvio« Papara^taaumoa-Laltara Word Procaaaing
Claaalf lad Computar, 788 Santa Roaa, 5430321
Don’t apatrd your Spring Indoora. Call Su2la tor your typing naada. 828-7806.
Editing 6 Typing. Sanlor Pro)aola ara my apaolaljy. APA format ato. DaHvary. vlckla,Tlgar8t««m Praaa, PB 7734298.
WORDPROCESSING, TYPING, 5480B33.
CAMPUS AND HOUSE REPS WANTED for T-ahIrt allkacraan bualnaaa. Eaay 8 no axp. n«c.C«N 8820486.
A Shared Room 4 Rant talala In Coad Houaa In Laguna Lake Area Call 5480624 aa aoon aa poaalbla.
Famala Chrtatlan Roommate wantad. Clo«« to campua 8146lmo. 643-4829
Famala roommata to ahara In larga now condo with lunfaarlou« atudanta call Jackie or Cindy at 646S008 axtaaal mk>roJtottub,W/D 8l90lmo.
FEMALE ROOMMATE • own room In Laguna Lake houaa. Waahar, dryer, mksrowaya, etc. 8228hnonth. 8 8100 da-poait. 9410606.
FML NONSMKR WANTED TO SHARE ROOM IN HOUSE 1 Ml. FROM POLY 817WMO 8 % UTIL. 9410088.
Room to ahara-Famala 8178/month. V« cloaa to Poly-641-8661.
Want your own room 8200fmo. In houaa? Calt 84t-3780NOWIII
8129tano.NOWI Fam
lta«fli8184Mia.
Free Rent
GREEK ALLOTAR BASKETBALL GAME Tuaaday, April 8 6-7:30 PM ’Coma watch In tha Main Gym*
'	SPRING RUSH
TAU KAPPA EPSILON April 1- Bartlaa 8 Jamaa Party April 2- Nard Miniature Golf April 3- Pizza Night Aprh 4,8,6 Roadtrtp to our big brother« at U.S.C. for OINGO BOINGO CONCERT.
April 7 Caalno Night
April 10,11,12 More to baannouncad.
For mora Information and time« and location« call Scott Sweat at 5267013.
Spring 1« hare to atay Greek Weak 1« on It« way Gumby would Ilka to aay:
Watch out for Sigma Kl 11
AMA MEETING TUES11-12 ARCH 225 ’QUEST SPEAKER*
DAVE HADOBAS PRODUCT MGR.
HERE-S WHAT’S PLAYING' SPRING QUARTER FILMS
NEED EXTRA CASH Poly Royal naada Claaa 2 driver«. Contact John Bird at 946-2487 now.
Naro'a Pizza and Paata tmmadtata Opening« tor DaHvary paraorw full or part tlma. Muat have own car. Apply at 1017 Monterey SLO.
ORGANIZED, anthualaatlc paraon wantadi Muat have car 8 ability to work wall wipaopla. 1615 hr« waakly/fl«xlbl«l Photo axp helpful, but not required. Call Karen 882-0488.
Thick drlver-loc«l dallvert«« for building material« yard. Part-tim« and fuH-tlma hour« avail. Muat have truck axp. and good driving record.
Mki. ago 21. Muat be avail during Summer. Call Waakdaya l2-4pm 544-1343.
MACINTOSH MEMORY Ul 512K 1SM«gT04X>M«g FUUY GUARANTEED CaHforappt Memory ControHad Electronic«
A NUVOLaba company 9446788
UFRIQHt FREEZER-8190 OBO. POWER MOWER, newly rabuHt 880 OBO. Scott 6442884
WHI aubaldiza rent el Woodakfa. OWN-ROOM for Famala pkia extra«. Call 646 9297 for datalla.
M/F Roommate needed to ahara mbi. home. Famala to ahara 8180, MVF alngl« 8175, call 6443084.
Mala roommata naadad In houaa to ahara room. Cloa« to Poly, next to park. Avail, nowl 9438306541-^.
MUST RENT ROOM AT WOOOSIDE NOWI Rant vary nagotlablel 5440662
Own room cloaa to PoN fun houaa SprfSum or beyond 266ifmo. 6448261.
OWN ROOM IN LAGUNA LAKE 8290hno 8 DEP. CONTACT MIKE 641-3441.
PrI. Room For Rant. 8267fmo. ElaoTwatar paw. Ck>«« to Poly. 641-I2t8
PRIVATE ROOM 4 RENT ONLY 8200. AVAIL. 5rt CALL ANDREA 6468196.
ROOM FOR 1 or 2 oloaa to Poly 8380 n4 gohabl« (for 1) 6448784,641-8879
ROOM FOR RENT11 BLOCK TO POLY BIG YARD, OWN ROOM, LAUNDRY RM . FIREPLACE. MfF 8296hnO. 6448436.
The Place You^ve Been Looking For!
3 BLOCKS FROM CAMPUS, Nawly Fum roomy 2 bdrma w/patio«, aauna, oabla, and more. CALL NOWI 5432032.
2 BR w/pvt. bathe, free laundry, diahwaaher, garaga furn. for 4 WIndannara 880 6434894 941-8630
4bdron lake 1200. Alao 3 8 2 bdfe.1060 8 675.9436042.
AWanSan Prataaaeie 4 bedroom 21/2 bath. Redwood and glaaa contam-porary homo. Solar, paik-Tlka aattlng, naar Cal Poly. 8199,900. Call
Farrell Smyth RÆ 5432172
BUYING A HOUSE?
For a flea Hat of aH tha affordable houaaa and condo« for aala In SLO, call Slav« Nalaon F/S Inc. 5438370.
TIRED OF FINDING LARGE MOBILE HOMES WITH A LARGE PRICE THEN MY MOBILE HOME IS THE RIGHT SIZE FOR YOU 9468486.
Commando
4M,S Jagged Edge 28plia«LlkaUa
789:15pm 789:19pm 4/11,12 SptaaLIkiUa 788:19pm 4/1819 Back to the Future 78830pm 4/23 Brother from Another Planai 789:19pm
4/30 Murphy'a Romano« 789:19pm 9/7 101 Dalmallona 789riX)pm 9G3,24 White Nlghta 78630pm 9/28 Stranger than Paradla 788:19pm
9/3t (Tobaannounoad) 78619pm
Just tor the health of it... Enter the
Wellness Decathlon
Tuaaday, April 8th 10 AM • 3 PM In thaUU Plaza. Award« glvan to «H compaHtor«
CHILD ORE-My home. Rallabla, axpart-anoad, dapandabla. 3t0 hour« par weak 83 par hour. Rafarencaa. Call Peggy 541-3809.
HANDYMAN-CARPENTRY, GARDENING CLEAN-UP 87 par hr. RELIABLE. CALL PEGGY 541-3689.____________
WANTED: 30 Overweight people aariOM about loalng 1020 Iba In 30 day«. 100H guaranteed 481-1128

78 Honda Expraaa 2800 MHaa 8275 70 Puch 300 Mile« 8300 6468888
78 DATSUN TRK 4 SALE 81800. Runa great Plonaar Daok 6468196 Andrea.
Mae West says,
'Come up and tee me sometime and bring a copy of Mustang Dally!”
A ^	.
for C'"'
THE SOUND ALTERNATIVE
San Luis Obispo

^ . i pfillli Nt'W I
12
Monday, April 7,1986 Mustang Dally
rf
DESIGN
RMS Housing
STUDENTOIOUSINC MANAGEMENT
NOW.tlASlMC FOR FALL QUARTER CALL OR STOP BY DURING OUR OTFICC HOURS MONDAY - FRIDAY I 00 - 4 00
699 CALIFORNIA BIYD	544-4270
FrMipagcl
The two-nun architecture team which won second place said they used colored banners as part of their design, because they felt the area would stand out from other parts of the campus.
F^ank Dost, one of the second place winners, said: **I think ours met the criteria.”
Dave Oal, a junior landscape architecture major, said by definition a landmark is something different from its surroun-
'AFFORD
SmCK)US TWO BEX)RC)OMTqWNHaviES designed for student living
FOUR BLOCKS FROM CAMPUS
NEWLY FURNISHED AND CARPETED
------------ -—OS
ftk,
★	LARGE. INDIVIDUAL RATIO
★	CATHEDRAL CEILINGS
★	FULL'LAUNDRY FACILITES
★	PANORAMIC VIEWS
★	FULLY LANDSCAPED
★	FREE CABLE TELEVISION
★	SAUNA
★	FREE PARKING
..fggTMH-
THEFLACE YOU\£BEEF LOOKING EOF!
Offerin!, a convenient ten month lease as well as yearly leases
LEASING my FOR FAlX QUARTER
CALLK9 513-2032
for information and an application
•-HOO STAFFORD ST. SAN LUIS OBISFO. CA. <=^ •
/
UNITED STATES ROBOTS
Now accopting applications for summor amploymont In our Automation Systsms Group located in Carlsbad, Callfornfa
TITLE:	Associate Aatomatlon Enokiaar
REQUntEllENTS:	- At least Junior standing
• Strong maohanloal daaign skMa
- Elaclro~machanlcal background prafarrad
JOB DESCRIPTION: Raspanalbla for daaign. Integration, and Implamantatlon of robotic workcaNa. Tl«a auccaatful candidate wW gain axparlanca In robot programming, macbanlc^ design, maoMno vision, and aystama bitagratlen.
SEND RESUME TO:
UnN*4 SUIM RaSoU S4aS anéala Oriva CaHabaA CaManVa SSOOS
AnanHaK Alai Cataaiy
MOMMY
MADNESS
“THE ORIGINAL!
$8 buys any large one item pizza and two l6oz. cokes.
EXTBA ITEMS $1 EACH FAST; FREE DELIVERY 775-A Foothill	544-3636
no coupons acctptsd, just ask

Ikke
the
this
Sign up for Army ROTC Basic Camp. You1l get six weeks of challenges that can build up your leadership skills as well as your body Youll also ^ almost fTOO.
But hurry This summer may be your last chance to graduate from college with a d^ree and an officer^ commission. Be all you can be.
Sec your Professor of Military Science for details.
ee
Ai^MY RESERVE OFFIOERS TRAININC CORPS
Call Now! 546-2769
dingi.
Many of the other students-who entered said there were communication problems and the competition requirements were unclear.
However, Loh said, the students who had organized the competition held a meeting at the beginning to address some of the entrants* questions about the designs.
The other senior project adviser for the competition, landscape architecture professor Gary Dwyer, said the primary reason for the competition was that it is very difficult to describe where anything is at Cal Poly.
“Visitors have enormous difficulty identifying where anything is on this campus,” he said. "The landmark was simply an attempt to provide a space that was more readily identifiable.”
Dwyer, who required the students in one of his classes last quarter to turn in competition submittals, said many of the designs he saw were good.
Although many of the submitted designs were impractical, Dwyer said, they weig provocative and exciting attempu to solve a complex issue.
Charlie Daniels, a landscape architecture junior, said the fact that no one was awarded fust place was an insult to a lot of people who entered the competition.
According to Loh, the competition will be held again in September and the $300 first prize will be added into next year’s prize monies, making the award worth double the apiount next year.
Loh stressed the prize money was not taken from this year’s, entrance	fees but	in	fact	came
from money sponsored by the Alice C. Loh for Women in Environmental Design Competition Award.
Loh said the entry fee money went to the organizers of the competition.
Oiie of the student organizers, landscape architecture major Elaine Shaw, said the money should have gone	for	prizes	and
contest	costs, with any	remainder	donated	to	the	con-
struction of the winning design.
Some of the students who entered the competition also expressed concern about where all of the money was going and believed that more money was being taken in than had been put forth.
Loh said she plans to advise the organizers to make the competition’s budget available to the public and said she trusa the organizers’ intentions.
“1 think there is some confusion, but I don’t think there’s any	intention of	unethical
behavior,” Dwyer said.
According to Loh, she and the otbCT judges hope everyone sees this	competition as	a podtive
experience instead of a negative one.
“I’ll be willing to try again next year,” Doet said.
The judges’ evaluation statement	regarding the	competition
outcome will be potted tonight at a public reception to be held in the	Architecture	Building
Gallery at 7*J0.