Mustang Daily
• i
»
il
California Polytechnic State University San Luis Obispo
Volume53^No^
King's dream is alive, says CSUS prof
By Sieve Harmon
Staff Writer___________________
The dream of freedom for blacks in America is not something that died when Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. was assassinated in Memphis 20 years ago.
The dreamer may be dead, but the dream is alive and well in the continued struggle for a nonracist America, a Cal State Sacramento professor said.
David Covin, professor of government and ethnic studies at Sacramento, spoke in the Cal Poly Distinguished Afro-American Lecture Series Thursday to a crowd of about 65.
Covin painted a disturbing picture of 1963 America. Imagine being assaulted knowing that whoever assaulted you would not be punished. Imagine having to pay full fare for a bus trip but not being able to sit down. Imagine being restricted or barred from using public facilities. Imagine not being able to vote.
Blacks in this country (especially in the South) have not had to imagine the above racist policies, they’ve lived under them for a large part of this nation’s 200 years. Covin said.
In short, they were excluded from the constitutional guarantees of the rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
“If you can be beaten, raped or even killed without legal redress
—	as black people routinely were
—	then you do not have citizenship rights,’’ Covin said.
“In the South, there would be signs at public restrooms — ladies, gentlemen and colored. Jim Crow was the law of the land,” Covin said, referring to the term used to describe discrimination against Negroes.
“Bigots ruled in pulpits all across the country,” Covin said. “Racial violence was the order of the day; racial attacks on college campuses:	a conservative ad-
ministration occupied the White House:	individualism reigned
supreme and Americans were obsessed with their material well-being — just like today.”
Covin focused his presentation on the movement and the man, choosing to make King’s birthday a cause for progress and not just remembrance.
“Nobody was prepared to say in public that this was a racist, oppressive, exploitive society,” Covin said. “King did that: he established the moral agenda of his day.
“It is important to reflect on
See KING, page 10
Wednesday. January 18.1989
Tenacious art student rewarded for his effort
By Michelle Di Simone
Slatl Wrtiar
Being runner-up for last year’s Poly Royal poster contest just wasn’t good enough.
That’s why art and design major Malt Faye decided he was going to win First place in this year’s contest.
“After last year, I was bent on winning,” Faye said, “and I set out to do just that.”
The 2S-year-old junior said he couldn’t even begin to describe the amount of lime it took him to construct the winning poster.
“It was a lot of work,” Faye said, “but it’s going to be worth it.
“I almost dropped my other classes in a trash can just to get it done!”
First prize included $I(X) cash and lunch at F. McLintock’s in Shell Beach.
“The prize is nothing compared to the poster I’ll have in my hands,” Faye said.
He described the prize as “Fame, fortune and recognition — and my own poster! They could have had a swift kick in the pants for a prize and I would have worked just as hard.”
The last few posters have been loo graphic-oriented, Faye said.
“I wanted to be more illustrative,” he said. “I wanted to show diversity and the different majors on campus.”
Faye’s poster portrays the theme of the 57ih annual Poly Royal. “Unity Through Diversity.” It is constructed in 3-D, made from cut cansón paper. The reproductions, however, will have shadows to show depth instead of the original 3-D, Faye said.
“I had to do a poster I could afford,” Faye said. ”1 always wanted to do a paper sculpture, and it was cheap.
“I’m really enthusiastic about having won. For an art and design major, getting a poster printed isa big deal.”
See POSTF.R, page 8
	\j^ed 0^.		20	22
	"Women For America	The Nuclear Threat And Peace	Teace ConcerT Live Music.	"A World Apart."
	For The World-Academy Award	Activism -A Video Festival."	(TBA)	This award winning film is about the struggle against
	vWtning film arxf	Twelve videos that	Check newspaper	apartheid in South
	presentation by Vivienne Verdón-	deal with the issues of nuclear threat and	or attent other Peace Week activities for	Africa.
	Roe. film director. Chumash Auditorium. $5 public: $3 students. 7:30 p.m.	peace activism. Bishop Lounge, UU 220 Free Event 10 a.m. -4 p.m.	concert information.	Rainbow Theater Tickets; $5 1 p.m.
City seeks answers for housing crunch
By Tara Giambalvo
staff Writar
San Luis Obispo city planners are asking Cal Poly and Cuesta College students to help them find an answer to the student housing crunch.
The city is trying to increase housing for students as well as for families in its General Plan update, said City Planner Gary Price Thursday at the Student/ Community Liaison Committee meeting.
But the planners must know what students want in order to provide housing.
“It seems that students prefer single-family houses away from campus,” Price said.
But other city residents prefer that students seek single-family houses close to campus or multiple-family housing downtown, he said.
City Planner Dave Moran said a survey may be used to solicit
student ideas because the city has “underdeveloped or vacant properties that may be used for student housing.”
Ideas are needed soon because city planners are formulating new student housing guidelines for the General Plan update, he said.
In the meantime, to prevent problems between students and other city residents, a brochure promoting neighborliness is in the works.
The brochure will be published jointly by Associated Students, Inc., and the city, said Jeff Schumacher, vice chair of the liaison committee.
The brochure will cover such potential problems as party planning, trash, noise and parking, he said.
The brochure will be distributed to Cal Poly, Cuesta College, local high schools and various city locations and Sec LIAISON, page 6
Bowling buffs return after reopening of lanes
By MIchcHe Bouckct
Statt wm*r
After three years of silence, the thunder of bowling balls rolling down lanes and crashing into pins can again be heard in the University Union.
The Mustang Lanes bowling alley officially reopened last Thursday. Two referendums and months of debate and discussion preceded the opening.
Tom Lebens, ASI president, said at the ceremony, “I voted against the bowling alley three times which shows that the students are the ones who actually decide what goes into this building.”
The students seem pleased with their decision so far, said Marcus von Engel, student manager of the bowling alley. On Friday and Saturday nights, bowlers sometimes wait 30 minutes to get a free lane, he said. With Backstage Pizza also open, more students are slaying on campus for entertainment, he added.
The bowling alley closed three years ago because it was losing about $30,000 a year, said John Stipicevich, ASI interim assistant director for operations and
management. ASI considered several proposals concerning the use of the space occupied by the bowling alley, said Tony Celebrini, chairman of the University Executive Committee.
During the 1986 Spring Quarter, the issue eventually came before the students, who voted to use the space for a Fitness center. Plans were being drawn up for the Fitness center, said Celebrini, when the Bowler’s Coalition began a petition to pul the issue before the siudmis again. The coalition, a group of students hoping to keep the bowling alley intact, got the issue on last spring’s ballot.
That time the Fitness center was defeated and renovations on the bowling alley began.
“I fell that the bowling alley was the best use of the space and that the students really wanted it,” said Bowler’s Coalition Chairman Dave Garrido. ”l’m glad to see it open after all the work put into it.”
Leagues are now being formed and the Cal Poly bowling team has started try-outs. The physical education department will offer bowling classes next quarter.
Research contest underway
By Marcus von Engel
Contributing Wntor
Cal Poly students have an opportunity to receive statewide recognition and a monetary award for their research projects.
“The Third Annual CSU Student Research Competition is now getting under way at the campus level,” said Bob Lucas, associate vice president for graduate studies, research and faculty development.
All undergraduate or graduate
students currently enrolled at Cal Poly as well as alumni who received their degrees in spring, summer or fall 1988 may apply.
“There are nine categories ranging from behavioral sciences to physics and mathematics,” Lucas said. “Each school may nominate four students.
“The competition is a two-step process. All interested students need to first go to their major departments for the necessary information and deadlines. The
See RESEARCH, page 10
I
('
!t
II
I)
It
I)
II
M
It
Opinion
Wednesday , January 18, 1989 Mustang Daily
Mustang
Daily
The newspaper for Cal Poly.
Since 1916
April Karys, editor Anna Cekola, managing editor Alison Skratt, managing editor Coleen Bondy, opinion editor Terry Lightfoot, sports editor Donna Taylor, spotlight editor Nicole Jones, insight editor Shelly Evans, lifestyle editor Dawn Opstad, commentary editor K.M. Cannon, photo editor Amber Wisdom, asst, photo editor Peggy Yeyna, business manager Jacqueline Tasch, faculty adviser
Letters to the Editor
UU invaded by Littering shows high school kids a poor attitude
Fditor — On Jan. 15 I entered the UU v\ith books in hand and homework to complete. 1 was greeted by a couple hundred high school students participating in the debate contest being held this past weekend.
These students had taken up every inch of the UU including Bishop’s I.ounge where 1 normally study. 1 approached the UU manager to inquire about a room for studying, and she told me that every room was occupied by high school students, and the only room available was occupied by a person using the computer.
Tell me, is it fair that we pay S51 a quarter and S204 per year on University Union fees not to have a room to study in when there is a special group?
The UU management should rethink its policies when this event occurs.
Julie Champlin
Disinterested and uninformed
Editor — In regards to the march (Jan. 12) in commemoration of Dt. Martin I uther King, Jr. and “the dream,” I want to express two things. One, the most important, is that of joining together and sharing. Although the manner of expression varied among the marchers, some laughed and chatted while others were solemn, I had the feeling of sharing a common purpose.
This good feeling was carried over to the UU Pla/a, in spite of the drone of people on the fringe of the pla/a who were not interested. This brings my second impression. Perhaps they were unable to appreciate what was happening. Perhaps they failed to recogni/e the significance of Dr. King, or the importance of this exercise in humanity.
Or, perhaps they lacked the fundamental ability to respect others and their views, some of which might just be new or different. If they had been quiet, they might have been enlightened a little.
Andrea Olson
The male-female cold war
Editor — As 1 strolled through the UU courtyard just before dawn on Jan. 1.1, 1 was appalled at the awful mess there. Cans, cups, plates, napkins, notebook paper, kleenex, etc. were haphazardly strewn everyw here.
Do we as students of Cal Poly want to give visitors to our campus the impression that we don’t give a damn about our environment?
Come on then. Quit taking it for granted that there’s always going to be someone around to pick up after you. Those who have gone before us have perhaps paid insufficient attention to the effects their actions have had on our environment, hence all the ecological problems we are faced with today.
We are here to learn how we can improve our world through our work, and through the attainment of new knowledge (or are we?). Littering is more than a behavior. It is symbolic of the attitude of an entire generation, which says, "Live it up and let someone else take care of the mess.”
If we pay attention to the little "pollution” problems now, we will be prepared for the bigger cleanup problems facing us tomorrow. I think we really care, so let’s shape up. The alternative is a world full of Mexico Cities or worse.
Matt Stephens Electrical Engineering
Separatism is not the answer
Editor — Rarely do we have occasion to read the Daily twice before washing the windows with it. The Jan. 10 edition was an exception. Chris Thomas’ column “A dream is just a dream” required quite some thought and this response.
Thomas clearly is an eloquent and intelligent person, and a good writer. Under the presumption of discussing Dr. King, he discusses integration as an escape from blackness, and a sign of insanity. He follows this with a call for action to create an
My coffee mug says Save the Males.
Once upon a time, men roamed the earth and dominated the world, and it was good (for the men).
And the world turned. The women evolved, and the men dealt with it. It was survival of the fittest during the 21st century. Those who couldn’t deal were dealt out.
We have legends about radical feminist and chauvinist groups who waged war in our 21st century, creating the coldest cold war ever known to man.
Extremists polarized our people. They hacked and whacked at the world, stubbornly in the name of humanity. Meanwhile, a society of spectators let their television sets tell the story.
Back then, couch potatoes had been planted everywhere. The world spun upside-down, and people lived inside-out. Nobody liked it, but nobody talked about it, either.
The 21st century, later referred to by sociologists as the Human Ice Age, was a human stalemate, because the men and women couldn’t live together.
According to the legend, only frostbitten emotions, icy stares, and cold words were cultivated. (Like a snowstorm from hell, it’s hard to imagine.)
But all that is ancient history, and we have a better understanding of each other, here and now, in the 22nd century. We’re thawed-out, although some tales are still told ...
There were a few radical feminist groups back then, like the F.F. (Fascist Feminists), the Sex-tremists, and the Manhandicrs, all too revolutionary for the general public. But this was Free America, and they spoke out.
One time they marched through the streets, carrying signs and shouting ...
•'CHIVALRY IS CHAUVINISM... OFF THE PIGS!!!”
Militant male-chauvinists sprung up in reaction to radical feminists, and everybody got way too self-righteous.
Humanity started snowballing downhill, and every year the little children saw bigger snowballs.
By
A.J. Schuermann
A snowball fight was inevitable, but no one cared.
One chauvinist extremist group, the Sons of Bitches, went too far.
In 2026, during International Women’s Week, some S.O.B. suggested a Men’s W'eek. There were riots. Even in San Luis Obispo people got out of control.
The Cal Poly F.F. chapter claimed that every week was Men’s Week, and therefore a Men’s Week was unnecessary.
But the Cal Poly Sons of Bitches protested, and they forced a Men’s Week upon the academic community.
So no one shaved, and the dining hall served meat and potatoes for seven days.
That’s how it all started. The rest is recorded in the history books. We look back at the 2020s and the 2030s, and we laugh at our great, great-grandparents.
What insanity! How could men and women live that way?
Talk about a misunderstanding.
But why? They certainly didn’t know why, because they couldn’t communicate. Maybe it was impossible for them to understand each other, and too easy not to give a damn.
We’re lucky to have the hindsight that history gives us. It’s a silly world we live in.
A .J. Schuermann is a senior English major.
independent black state/culture. I call upon him now, and all those who read his opinion, to carefully consider what he is saying and proposing. Consider the following:
An independent black state seems like a good escape from too many years of abuse, humiliation, and discrimination. But, it is a regeneration and perpetuation of the same ignorance which created the state of "blackness” today.
It calls for conquest, separatism, the exclusion of other races from black culture, and depriving the rest of us of their input to our culture. This is quite clearly the oppv>site of what Dr. King would have proposed, and the opposite of what those who strive for equality would like to see.
Not only is it a continuation of racism in a new form, it is the primary cause of failure in the fight for equality. It shares the same failure of the ERA and gay-rights movements. Each of these groups have worked toward their own liberation, failing to understand the concept "equality.” Equality in the eyes of the law, and, more importantly, in our minds, must come to mean equality for human beings, regardless of their attributes. This is the equality which Dr. King wanted.
The future along Thomas’ path would be one of conquest.
counter-conquest, and counterconquest, continuing in a never-ending fashion as in the middle cast. The future along a path of equality is bleak at first, but comes out nice in the end. The bleakness comes out of the question of "how?” How do we achieve change in the minds of bigots? Working together, all the oppressed and enlightened members of the oppressing groups, we can change the culture as a whole. As a function of time, this world will become one culture, as we are one creature.
The question of "how?” brings us back to integration. Certainly as an institution it has been far from ideal. But to call it the "slave philosophy of self hate” is equally far from accurate. It was an attempt to begin the process of the concept of “integration” — also known as accommodation. The legal bans on discrimination are but one front of many in the war for equality of humans. Working toward integration is working toward a common culture, toward everlasting peace among mankind.
To become one culture, yours must admit that of mine, and mine must admit that of yours. If you choose to go your own way, excluding me (or vice-versa) how can we come together? Bigotry is borne of ignorance, of lack of knowledge of one another. Separatism perpetuates bigotry
— see South Africa and its separate black nation states. To work toward distinct cultures based on the color of the skin (or any other attribute) is counter-productive and working toward everlasting hell.
I hope that the views of Mr. Thomas are not that of the Afro-American Student Union. I hope they do not support separatism, counter-racism, and ignorance as he does. If they do, then they have a nice counterpart in the white bigot culture known as the KKK.
Finally, Thomas gives halfhearted praise of Dr. King. His opinion was less a discussion of King than a discussion of his own fanaticism. King was clearly a great leader of our nation (not just one race), a man way ahead of his time. He was a man dedicated not to overcoming the white man, but rather to overcoming ignorance and discrimination. He believed in the goodness of the white man only as part of his belief in the goiKiness of mankind. He was a man who lived to improve his world rather than just to turn the tables. He lived by a philosophy of forgiveness, and love for mankind — in all its forms. King’s dream can be expressed as "one world, one people.”
Karl Eberhard Architecture
BLOOM COUNTY

by Berke Breathed
untmaiinaNe
violerre.

Mustang Daily is published daily by the Cal Poly journalism department Unsigned editorials reflect the majonty view of the the Editonal Board Advertising is solely lor informational purposes and does not represent an endorsement by the publisher or the university. Mustang Daily office is located in Room 226 of the Graphic Arts Bldg. S L O., CA 93407 (805)756-1143 Advertising Director: A J. Schuermann Jr.
AssL Business Director: Bret (Goodman
Account Executives' John Alexiou, Mark Azevedo, Katie Bartlebaugh,
Chuck Bartunek, Kim Carlson, Marisa Fujikake, Lysa Francis, Hope Hennessy, Michelle Hertig,Chris Hewitt
Classified Advertising: Kathy Conlan; Manager,Tracy Fowler, Dan Malone Business Directory: Dani CXjittner Circulation Staff: Darin Hershberger Computer Operations: Dan Malone Production Manager: Sandy Koibe, Ron Same University Graphic Systems: Laura Sjoberg, General Mgr.Bill Kennedy, Production Mgr,Isabel Nunes, Mgr Paste up.Usa Wong, Mgr Electronic lmaging;Derek Richmond. Mgr Camera/Stripping;Gary Wood, Mgr Sheetfed Rich Berry, Mgr Web Publications
Mustang Daily Wednesday, January 18,1989	3
Tennis Previews
Sports
Lady Mustangs have youthful maturity
By Dave Pagan
statt Writer
The Cal Poly women’s tennis team has a problem that most other teams wish they had.
With only two seniors and one junior, Head Coach Miguel Phelps is faced with the problem of having a very young team. “We are a very young team but we are very mature in the sense of having experience,” Phelps said.
Last year’s team set a Cal Poly record for winning 21 matches in a row en route to a second place finish at the NCAA Division II Championships.
Phelps lost two seniors to graduation and added four freshman to round out this year’s team. Phelps has had to change his strategy in response to the makeup of this year’s squad.“Since the team is young and all the players are talented, many of them will play a lot,” Phelps said.
This year the team will play tougher opponents in the preseason to prepare them for the CCAA Conference matches. The team will take on seven Division I schools.
With the exception of Fresno State, the women will have to play these schools on the road.
With the tougher schedule, Phelps doesn’t expect the team to dominate the opposition as they did last year. “Though our record may not show our strength, our confidence and experience throughout the season
UNITED STATES HANG GLIDING ASSOC.
Ch. 154
Hang Gliding Club
Beginner Certification Clinic
Location: Guadalupe Sand Dunes
Fee: $79
CALL 962-8999
All Equipment And Test Material Included
DRKAMSCAPK Graphics Specializes in Student Graphic Needs!
•	Résumés
•	Placement Center Interview Forms
•	Mac*»IBM Software/
Disk (Conversions
•	Senior Project Formatti ng/Printing
•	Graphs & Charts for Class Presentauons
•	Club Shirts & Graphics
541-Ó234
Students, faculty & staff can
RIDE FREE On SLO Transit buses ANYWHERE In San Luis Obispo!
SHOW YOUR ID &
For more information CALL 541-BUSS
Men favored to win title
should lead us to success in the nationals,” Phelps said.
One player who leads the team with her experience and talent is sophomore Vicki Kanter. Last season Kanter was the lOth ranked singles player in the nation.
When asked what she hoped to achieve this season, Kanter replied, “I want the team to win the National Championships.”
“After losing five games to four last year, I know our team can win it this year,” Kanter said.
When asked what team will be the toughest to play this year, Kanter replied, “UC Davis is the team to beat.”
Another member of Phelps’ youth brigade is freshman Allison Lean. Phelps said. Lean was among the top ten junior players in Northern California last year.
When asked what the goal of this years team was. Lean agreed with Kanter by saying, “winning nationals is our goal.”
Phelps says the team will definitely get better as the year goes on. “With our season lasting four months long the important thing to remember is not to burn out too early in the year,” he said.
To avoid burning out, Phelps structures the season so the players will be at their peak during the final part of the season.
With the youth and depth of his team, Phelps expects to have a very successful year.
By Dave Pagan
staff Writer_____
After finishing second in the nation last season, the Cal Poly men’s tennis team is a strong favorite to take the NCAA Division II crown this year.
First-year Head Coach Kevin Platt said he feels his team has what it takes to be a national champion. “We have quite a few players who are nationally ranked,” Platt said.
In addition to their ranking, the team has veteran players who understand the pressures of playing in a national tournament.
While the team is powerful and experienced, the loss of their number one player has made this season a tougher challenge. Neal Berryman, ranked third in the nation last season, is out for the year with a torn rotator cuff.
One player who Platt is coun-
ting on to lead the team is Brendan Walsh. Walsh is currently ranked nationally in the top 20.
When asked what effect the loss of Berryman would have on the team, Walsh said, “hopefully it won’t greatly effect the team, but when you lose your number one player, you have to work that much harder.”
Berryman may be injured, but he is still there for the team. “He’s like an assistant coach, the players respect his opinion,” Walsh said.
Another player Platt expects to lead the team is Tim Fresenius, who was ranked 11th in a preseason poll. When asked what his goal for the team was, Fresenius replied, “to get to the Nationals and win it! It will be tougher this year, the teams are better and we don’t have Neal (Berryman), but we can do it.”
The team is focused on the championships but they know that it is too early to look ahead. “We have a tough conference, and many of the teams we play are extremely talented,” Platt said.
Platt sees a three-way battle between Cal Poly, UC Riverside, and Chapman College for control of CCAA. “These teams can be beat, but it will take a strong team effort to win,” Platt said.
On Jan. 28, the team will get a chance to prove they are deserving of their number two preseason ranking when they travel to Arizona State to open their season. “When you play a Pac 10 school, you’re in for a tough match,” Platt said, referring to Arizona State.
The team’s first home match is scheduled Feb. 2, when Cal Poly hosts Westmont College.
Ruggers remain undefeated
By Robert Fraser
Special to th« D»lly_
The Cal Poly Rugby Club defeated Loyola Marymount 46-3 to break a three-year dry spell and remain undefeated on the season at 2-0.
With the score just 12-3 at the half, the Mustang forwards adjusted to the Lion attack to re-
tain possession for the Cal Poly backs. Hooker Blain Flickner explained, “The first half score let us know that we weren’t working as a cohesive unit.”
The second half was all Cal Poly’s as the Mustang’s produced 34 points, won 22 of 32 line outs and 14 of 33 scrums. Good hustle and determination defined the ruggers efforts. Steve Davies, Bob Silverthorne and Chad
Humphreys all scored on 50-yard runs.
Randy Croyts said “the revenge factor cannot be overlooked. After our faisco last year we owed them a payback, a win like this is very satisfying.”
The ruggers try to remain undefeated this weekend when they play the UCLA Bruins at Biddle Park near Lopez Lake at I p.m.
LONDON STUDY PROGRAM
Summer Quarter 1989
From: June 28, 1989 To: August 19, 1989
INFORMATION MEETINGS:
11:00 a.m.
Thurs., Jan. 19th Sci B-5 Thurs., Mar 2nd Sci B-5
Students from all majors welcome.
Textbook refunds
Tuesday, January 24
El G>rral	Bookstoie
______________I
Wednesday , January 18, 1989 Mustang Daily
6 MONTHS ONLY $99!
Cfx\i
lt$r Hamr$i
Universitv Square
964 Foothill Blvd.
price dtxis not include $20 new member tee
543-3465
Gunman kills five schoolchildren
Sprays playground with assault rifle, commits suicide
STOCKTON, Calif. (AP) — Five children were killed and at least 30 more people, almost all students, were injured Tuesday when a heavily armed gunman in combat fatigues invaded an elementary school and opened fire before taking his own life, authorities said.
“At this point there are six dead and 30 injured,” said Bruce Fernandes, a spokesman for the San Joaquin County Office of Emergency Services.
Deputy Police Chief Lucian Neely said five of the dead were children and the sixth was the gunman, who shot himself in the head after the massacre.
“Before it was over, he killed himself,” Neely said, adding that at least 15 of the wounded were in critical condition.
The police have “no idea” of a motive, Neely said.
Lori Mackey, who teaches deaf children, said she heard sounds like firecrackers and quickly ran to her window.
She said she saw a man standing in the schoolyard, spraying gunfire back and forth as 400 to 500 students from grades 1 to 3 were at recess.
“He was just standing there with a gun, making wide sweeps,” she said. When she realized what was happening, she took her 10 students into a rear room where they couldn’t be seen, telephoned the office and locked her classroom door.
“He was not talking, he was not yelling, he was very straight-faced, it did not look like he was really angry,” she said.
ONE DOLLAR COUPON
EICbrral IBcx)kstDie
ONE COUPON PER ITEM no cash value
GOOD TOWARDS PURCHASE OF...
all KODAK film print/slide/black&white in stock


Offer valid only with coupon Expires: Jan. 21,1989
pn'nt/slide/black& white
ONE DOLLAR.
with coupon
ONE
DOLLAR OFF

California Polytechnic State University
“It was just mattcr-of-factly.
“There was mass chaos. There were kids running in every direction.”
“I was there right away,” said Cheryl Torres, whose 11-year-old daughter, LeAnne Sundstrom, is a student at the school. “ ... there were a dozen students lying on the ground. It was very frighten-ing.
Deputy Police Chief Ralph Tribble said the gunman, dressed in battle gear and wearing a flak jacket, apparently set his car on fire as a diversion before entering the Cleveland Elementary School campus with two handguns and an AK-47 assault rifle and opening fire.
He killed three children in the schoolyard and the other two inside the school. At least one teacher was injured; the rest of the wounded were students, said Tribble.
Neely identified the dead students as Raphanar Or, 9, a boy; and girls Ram Chun, 8; Thuy Tran, 6, Sokhim An, 6, and Oeun Lim, 8. All were children of refugee families from Southeast Asia. Lt. Fred Nixon of the Los Angeles Police Department described the AK-47 as a “military assault rifle. You use it for one purpose and one purpose only — to kill a human being.”
The AK-47 is a Russian design, but Chinese replicas are available in many gun stores for around $300. It is capable of firing about 600 rounds per minute on full automatic, although automatic weapons are illegal in California.
The 1977 Chevrolet station wagon bore Oregon license plates.
See SHOOTING, page 7
l)u don’t need )Ourpaient^ money
DbuyaMacinlDsii
Just their signatuie
It's iK-wr been diftkiilt ior Miidenis to eon \ inee ilieir parents of the need for a MacinioslT computer at sehtxil.
Persuading them to write the check. Ik )we\er. is ant idler thing altogether.
^Xliich is wtiy Apple created the Student b lan to Own Program. .An ingenious loan program that makes bming a .\bcintosh as ea.sy as using one.
Simply pick up an application at the Itration listed below, or call 800 8311X)A,N. All your parents need to do is fill it out.
sign it. and send it. Iftluyqualil}’. they’ll receive a chevk tor you in just a few w c’eks.
Tliere's no collateral. No need to prt n e finan cial hardship. No application fee.
Ik'st of all. the kran payments can be spread overasmanvas lOvears.
Vibich gi\ es you and your parents pleny of time to decide just wtio pas’s for it all.
Ininxludn Student Loan-to
1-,	
	
	
	
EIGdítoI
n Program Bookstore
ItH iIh- ,^1 jHkI Ma ini'fsli aft'rtgHrftihr.Kk'nijrkNot < iinifiiitit Iik
Mustang Dally Wednesday, January 18,1989 5
Insight
Temales have vocations of motherhood and virginity.’
— Pope John Paul 11
According to Time Magazine, 75,000 women were polled so that the bishop could deliver a fair report. Approved by 380 bishops, it supported more female involvement with the church and further investigations into women becoming priest. Yet, the report from the bishops stated, *the church is not free to depart from tradition.’
Women's struggle for ordainment
A question of equality
Story by Shirley Marie Meissner
Women cannot be priest because they do not * physically resemble Jesus Christ.’
— The Vatican 11
No doctrine in the Roman Catholic Church states that women can not become ordained priest. Yet. traditionally women have been denied the sacrement of priesthood
On Sept. 20, 1988, from the Vatican City, Pope John Paul II released MuHen’s Dignitatem (On the Dignity’s of Women), the controversial Papal Letter that condemned sexism while reaffirming the church’s traditional stand on women’s roles in the Roman Catholic Church.
Dignity, equality and the abolishment of sexism were continuing themes throughout the popes document. Yet. to many catholic feminists these were contradictory statements that reveal the dichotomy that exists between the church’s definition of equality and the status of women in the church.
Brother Richard Maratto, administrative director of Cal Poly’s Newman Center, said that despite the pope’s decree “no doctrine or dogma in the Catholic Church states that women can not be ordained priest.’’
In his letter the pope calls sexism a “social and moral evil,’’ yet claims that it is a meditation on equality of men and women and their oneness in Christ Jesus — a unity that does not cancel out diversity.’’ In reaction to the papal message Arch-Bishop William J. Levada of Oregon joined the pope in denouncing job discrimination while supporting prohibition of women in the priesthood.
Critics of the pope’s message say it narrowly defines women’s role in the church despite some of the positve affirmations — like the “dignity of motherhood.’’
Los Angeles Times staff writer, Roberto Suro quoted the pope, “Females have vocations of motherhood and virginity.’’ Suro asserted that according to the Catholic Church priesthood is not a job, but a (man’s) vocation — a relationship with God that gets its roots from the Old and New Testiments.
The Vatican II specifically states that women cannot be priests because they do not “physically resemble Jesus Christ.’’ And it claims that Jesus chose men as his apostles and that women were not present at the Last Supper (when the sacrament of the “Holy Orders’’ was first instituted).
Maratto holds an optimistic outlook on changing traditional roles of women in the church
“1 think that all of us realize every institution is going through changes. The Catholic Church is not excluded. We reflect changes that go on in society.’’
The church supresses *spirit-led vocations because of its incapacity to deal with women equally.’
— Sister Susan Maloney
Catholic feminist, Alice Laffey, who leads the religious studies department at Holy Cross College in Massachusetts, said the Papal Letter avoids hard questions about the criteria used to determine definitive scripture parts.
According to Laffey, the church has not resolved any new explanations for why she, and others, are denied entrance into priesthood.
Sister Theresa Kan, president of the Leadership Conference of Women in the United States, told the Los Angeles Times that “we cannot as women access to decision making without ordination.’’
The progress that has been made depends on the individual parish. Some churches allow females to serve as cantors, lectors and "extraordinary ministers’’ (disseminators of the Eucharist).
Some catholic feminists say they do not feel the current positions women can hold in the church suffice their “callings.”
Sister Susan Maloney of Sisters of the Holy Name, said in an L.A. Times interview that she feels that these advancements are not enough and the church suppresses “spirit-led vocations because of its incapacity to deal with women equally.”
In his letter, the pope addressed what he calls the “dangers of feminism.”
“In the name of liberation from male domination women must not appropriate to themselves male characteristics contrary to their own feminine originality.”
The pope also stressed that a woman’s identity emerges from her relationship with a man.
Some feminists agree that the movement toward complete equality has remained static because two far-reaching problems.
First, traditional structures within the church limit what a clergy member can say or do on specific issues.
In April of 1988 the National Corference of Catholic Bishops (N.C.C.B.) released “Partners in Ministry of Redemption.” an extensive examination into women’s roles in the church. According to Time Magazine, 75,000 women in the diocese were polled so that the bishop could deliver a fair report. Approved by 380 bishops, it supported more female involvement with the church and further investigations into women in the priesthood. Yet, the report stated, “The church is not free to depart from tradition.”
Pat Reif, who heads a masters program on feminist spirituality at Los Angeles Immaculate Heart College told the New York Times that she was “astonished and very grateful” for the bishop’s report, but said, “it seems to me the bishops on the committee are pretty sympathetic to what women want but their hands are tied.”
The other reason why developments have staggered have to do with what Georgia Masters Keighthey, a Catholic feminist calls the ministers’ power.
In America magazine, Keighthey attributes the problem to the lack of a “definitive judgment on what constitutes equality.”
According to Keighthey, the paradox is this: the Catholic Church calls women to be active members through teaching and involvement in church government but does not give them decision-making powers.
Women’s participation in church activities is decided at the local levels. No one has any recourse beyond that of the pastor
— and the bishop rarely intervenes, she said.
Despite the authority that priests hold, Keighthey says that because of the influx of volunteers the identity of the priests is blurred. She said she believes the ability of priests to instruct and counsel is a form of power, one she said they would like to keep.
*ln the name of liberation from male domination women must not appropriate to themselves male characteristics contrary to their own feminine originality/
— Pope John Paul 11
The local catholic community feels that change is imminent.
“I do envision that in the church of tomorrow women will play a greater role in the sacramental rights,” said Mariarty. He attributes this to the growing numbers of female theologians and the Vatican’s own push for more decision-making powers for women.
In a time when priests are in high demand, it is not altogether suprising, said Maratto, that the church is taking a broader stand on giving women more active roles in the church.
He added that the church has always “looked at the practical realities” facing it.
Bishops will be releasing their final draft. On Women’s Roles in the Catholic Church, in November. Some catholic feminists fear that a written document may hinder further development within the church.
Maratto disagrees, saying that the Bishop’s draft is “not an inflexible statement — it has the possibility of process.”
Presently, catholic nuns and feminists are lobbying for more reforms to be included in the November 1989 final document on women’s roles in the Catholic church.
ONE DAY ONLY!
THURSDAY, JAN 19TH 10 AM - 11 PM*
■EXTRA-
------ -------9/o
Wednesday , January 18, 1989 Mustang Daily
EVERYTHING IN STOCK!
Except Cold Medal Service Ski Products
TAKE 20% OFF CURRENT PRICES ON ALL REGULAR PRICED ITEMS!
TAKE 20% OFF SALE PRICES ON ALL SALE ITEMS!
DURING SALE 2 ITEM PRICING NOT IN EFFECT.
HERE ARE JUST A FEW EXAMPLES
ATHLETIC SHOES
■■TWA
OmCMAl CUCCtMT
Mnci «All
Special Croup Recbok
Basketball Shoes to $S0	39.99
special Croup Leather
Basketball Shoes TO $60	34.99
special Croup Meirs a women’s _
Athletic Shoes .. fo$so 28.99 special Croup Kid’s _
Athletic Shoes . .fo$42	19.99
special Croup womens	^
Athletic Shoes . .^$50	34.99 27**
New Balance iM»ir« o width omv>
675 Running ... $70	39.99
Purine sale two item pricing not in
SI**
27**
21»*
IS**
SI**
effect
ATHLETIC APPAREL
■miA
Frank Shorter
Cycling Shorts.......21.99
Special Croup Nylon
Lycra Shorts.........12.99
Mens
Warmup Pants.........16.99
special Croup
Men's warmups........29.99
All warmups ... IXTRA 20*/e OFF
CU««tNT MHCn
All Sweats.......extra20*/oOFF
CUMtNT MHCn
TENNIS / COLE / ATHLETICS
17»*
10»*
IS»*
2S**
CMrttNT
SALI
■ XT««
tOH orr
2S**
S9**
IS»*
A D02IN
Prince
Pro 90 Mid.............29.99
Pro Kennex
Graphite Saber 30 .... 49.99 Spalding
TOP Fllte II...........16.99
All Wilson	•
Golf Sets........EXTRA 20*/e OFF
All Kiwi
Cycling Helmets . extra 20*/e OFF AH Easton
Baseball Bats ... extra 20*/o OFF All Rawlings
Baseball Cloves . extra 20*/e OFF
ciwnNT nncts
EXERCISE
cuRnwr
«All
■XT««
Pacific
Std. NO. 10 Plate Excel Brutus ill incline Bench ... AH Tunturi Exercise Bikes ..
All Precor
Rowers..........
. . 3.90	S»»
144.99 115**
EXTRA 20*^ OFF
CUMMNT A*Kt«
EXTRA 20*/e OFF
CUVMNT MhClS
SKIWEAR
■ XT««
EXTRA 20*/eOFF
CUMMNT Atttcn
Special Croup 88-89 Ski Parkas All womens Ski Suits...................EXTRA	20*/oOFF
All Ski	CUMMNT	MnCH
Cloves......................EXTRA	20*/oOFF
AH Ski	CUMMNT	MMCti
Goggles.....................extra	20%OFF
/y| $1(1	CUMMNT	AMCn
Hats........................EXTRA	20*/^OFF
SNOW SKI
mrc sue CUMMNT xxt«« ■■tam
Special Croup
Skis.......up to $275 89.99	71**
Special Croup
Skis.......up to $350 199.99 1S9**
Special Croup
Ski Boots up to $285 159.99 127** Special Croup
Ski Boots up to $280 189.99 1S1**
1988-1989 SKI EQUIPMENT -EXTRA-

CURRENT PRICES
*c<^ Medal ^Ice ski items wiH not ___^ discounted during this sale.
JAN 19TH ONLY
OuantitiTt I siies limited to Stock on hand m reserve the right to refuse sales to dealers visa t Masterr;ir(j Kcepte
Copeland^s Sports
962 Montere
*Y
San Luis ObiSDO 543-3663
LIAISON_______________________________________________
From paxr 1	journalism major, he said, and
“should not be aimed specifically should be out by the end of at students,” Schumacher said, winter quarter.
“It is basically a generic	Student/Community
‘’Twiirbi prepared by a cal Po. Liaison conrmiilee will „eel ly graphic communications or again Feb. 9 at City Hall.
544-3625
COPIES
Full or Self Service
OPEN TO MIDNIGHT
MACINTOSH COMPUTERS to RENT
TYPESETTING • STATS • RESUMES • Much More...
Harding Lawson Associates
will be at your Campus Placement Center Friday, January 27,
1989, We are an expanding, dynamic firm providing services to industry and government in the field of solid and hazardous waste management as well as geotechnical services. As a result of our growth, we are looking for highly motivated Environmental Engineering graduates to join our challenging professional team. EOE, MIFIHIV.
Harding Lawson Associates
Denver • Houston • Dallas • Phoenix • Anchorage • Honolulu • San Francisco Bay Area • Southern California • Reno • Sacramento • Princeton, SJ
Mustang Daily Wednesday, January 18,1989	7
Military planes to aid in search
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Investigators hope photographs taken by low-flying military airplanes will turn up clues in the cases of two missing girls, including 9-year-old Michaela Garecht of Hayward, FBI officials said Tuesday.
The sophisticated aerial search, to be conducted Wednesday if weather permits, is one of two advanced and relatively new techniques the FBI will utilize in the searches, according to Richard Held, special agent in charge of te San Francisco office.
Held also released a computer-enhanced photograph of what experts say kidnap victim Kevin Collins may look like today.
Collins disappeared from San Francisco on Feb. 10, 1984 at the age of ten.
On the eve of Kevin’s 15th birthday Jan. 24, Held said the new image helps investigators “have some idea of the Kevin Collins that we’re looking for today as opposed to the Kevin Collins we were looking for in 1983.’’
To make the photograph, which is based on the best available picture of the boy, exF>erts looked at how the aging process has changed the appearance
of Kevin’s two older brothers, particularly 16-year-old Gary, Held said.
The photo is part of a flyer which will be released to FBI offices and law enforcement agencies nationwide and will hopefully help generate renewed public interest. Held said.
“We need public assistance to locate these children,’’ he said.
Seven-year-old Amber Swartz-Garcia of Pinole vanished June 3 just minutes after she went outside to jump rope.
Michaela was kidnapped Nov. 19 outside a neighborhood grocery store near her home in Hayward.
Witnesses, including an 8-year-old playmate of Michaela’s, said the abductor was a white man in his early 20s, about 6 feet tall with shoulder-length, blond hair and a pockmarked or pimpled face.
The fourth-grader’s disappearance has generated unprecedented community response and a massive volunteer effort. The reward for her safe recently reached $178,000.
jTtom jHu^tang Mily
nrr
Judge denies bail to alleged drug kingpin
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)	— A	federal
magistrate, denying bail to the alleged kingpin of Oakland narcotics, told a hearing Tuesday he would be “an imbecile’’ to disregard the record of 20-year-old Darryl Reed and the circumstances of his arrest.
“I can’t take the risk ... it’s too big a risk,’’ to fix bail, said U.S. Magistrate Wayne Brazil at a detention hearing for Reed, arrested	Dec. 8
allegedly while in the act of “cooking up’’ 30.4 pounds of rock cocaine in an apartment.
Officers reported seizing items including coke, crack, various packagings, $60,000 in cash and a .4S-caIiber automatic. Reed was charged with possession of cocaine for sale, possession and con-piracy to make and sell crack, and the weapons count.
The drugs alone, including around IS pounds of cocaine hydrochloride, were worth $3 million.
police have said. Reed allegedly had cocaine dust on his hands and was carrying a big metal soup pot from the stove to the kitchen sink when police broke down the apartment door.
On conviction he could draw a minimum of 15 years in prison and a maximum of life imprisonment. He has pleaded innocent. At the time of the arrest, Reed had five months left of probation on a prior weapons conviction. Brazil ordered Reed to appear in U.S. District Court Feb. 8.
The seizure was the biggest such crack haul “in the history of the United States,’’ Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Dondero told the court in arguing against bail for Reed.
Narcotics officers have described Reed as the drug dealer who “supplies all the other cocaine dealers” in Oakland, and markets “a minimum of 50 pounds a week.”
$AVE0N YOUR
MORNING COFFEE
EVERYDAY THIS YEAR
Join the Campus Store COFFEE CLUB
Buy our 12 ounce mug for $1.99 and every time you use it you get 12 oz. for the price of an 8 oz. cup. Good through June 89'
SHOOTING
From page 4
Fernandes said the shooting began at about 11:40 a.m. PST and added that the victims were being evacuated to eight area hospitals.
“We have at least 30 people that we’ve sent out to area hospitals,” said Police Chief Jack Calkins. “Naturally, they are in
varying conditions.”
Two helicopters and a fleet of ambulances were pressed into service to transport the victims.
“I just saw him fall down,” said student Ramon Billedo III, who saw a schoolmate shot. “His head hit the ground. The teacher grabbed him and dragged him inside the other classroom.”
(•I
THE SPRING GOLD RUSH IS ON!
•	BUICKSiDECKER
FIND OUT WHY BLACK & DECKER SALESPEOPLE ARE THE BEST TRAINED AND MOST SUCCESSFUL WORLDWIDE!
•	We offer the opportunities for achieving career and personal goals.
•	Personal rewards include an excellent salary, company car and a full benefit package.
•	Meet Black & Decker Information Session:
Thursday, January 19th Staff Dining Hall B 7:00 - 9:00 p.m.
•	Campus Interviews:
Thursday, March 9th Career Placement Center
FIND OUT WHY
NOTHING BEATS A # BlACKSiDECKER
*75
*50
*25
OFF OFF OFF 18K 14K 10K
Poynnent plans available
Order your college ring NOW.
,K )ST'EXS
AMEIRICA S COLL EGE RING’“
January 17-20 9am-4pm
Meet with your Jostens representative for full details See our complete ring selection on display in your college bookstore.
ElCbnol Bookstoie
8 Wednesday, January 18,1989 Mustang Daily
LESS THAN
3750
CHANCES
LEFT
TO CHANGE
THE
WORLD
Not everyone is cut out to change the world. After ail. it takes education, skills and a spare two years.
Also a willingness to work. Hard.
This year 3.750 Americans will join the Peace Corps to do just that. They'll do things like build roads, plant forests and crops, teach English, develop small businesses, train conv munity health workers, or even coach basketball. However, what they'll be doing isn't half as important as the fact that they'll be changing a little piece of the world...for the better.
And when they return, these 3,750 Americans will find that experience doing hard work will have another benefit. It's exactly what their next employers are looking for.
So, give the Peace Corps your next two years. And while you're out changing the world, you'll also be making a place in it for yourself.
ON CAMPUS TODAY & TOMMORROW
INFO BOOTH: University Union Plaza 10 am-2 pm
FILM SEMINAR & DISCUSSION: MEET RETURNED PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS TONIGHT AND TOMORROW NIGHT University Union Room 219 8-10 pm
INTERVIEWS: Monday, January 30 Career Placement Center
APPLICATION MUST BE COMPLETED PRIOR TO INTERVIEW
SENIORS APPLY NOW!
For applications or more information, contact your Peace Corps Campus Representative in the Ag Building #10, Room 217, (805) 756-5017, or call the Peace Corps Area Office at (213) 209-7444 ext. 673
PEACE CORPS ^
SniTHE TOUGHEST JOB YOU'LL EVER LOVE.
Better days with Iran
WASHINGTON (AP) — At a moment of standstill and silence in U.S. contacts with Iran, President-elect Bush says he can visualize a day of better relations — a comment he hopes may help “unlock the locks” that bind nine American hostages.
Bush spoke in general terms,
The
holidays are over. Are you?
saying that a time of change in administrations also can be a time of change in troubled relationships abroad.
“I don’t start off with the view that we always have to be at loggerheads with Iran,” the president-elect said in a recent interview with The Associated Press.
He said Iran also could take steps, beginning with the hostage impasse, to demonstrate a desire for better ties with Washington.
Bush becomes president on Friday, eight years almost to the hour from the release of the 52 •U.S. Embassy hostages who See BUSH page 8
POSTER
Ijose 10 lbs in two weeks. Up to 25 lbs In six weeks.
iKirriNinxtHiini^illshiw you ho« tiiliMr «iichi (nmily. («•) RTPat and Urp the «tighi So raN mi«' tir a thn' ronsuHatinn
Diet Center
16UM.r.h	Other locaUons:
at Calif Blvd	Atascadero
541-DIET ...I	^
Arroyo Grande
From pages
Second and third place were won by Eric Roinestad and Kathryn Otoshi, also art and design majors. Roinestad received a $50 gift certificate from Law’s Hobby Center and Otoshi received a $30 gift certificate from Graham’s Art Supply.
The winners were chosen from more than 40 entries and are displayed in the University Union Galerie. Faye’s poster will be released March 1.
6 MONTHS ONLY $99!
aker awaits congressional nod
Inexperience could hinder incoming Secretary of State
WASHINGTON (AP) — James A. Raker III tarv of Treasurv.
Mustang Daily Wednesday, January 18. 1989	9
The oSoc is an ifC ziHnd noBody BCowsgood.
- Oscar Wiide
WASHINGTON (AP) — James A. Baker III [may have few concrete answers on the incoming [Bush administration’s foreign policy plans when [the Senate Foreign Relations Committee begins [confirmation hearings today on his appointment to be the nation’s 61st secretary of state.
Relations with the Soviet Union, arms control, [the Middle East, Central America, and trade are all i issues on which senators will attempt to learn 1 where the new administration stands and where it I intends to go.
I A principal concern will be in what areas of foreign policy the Bush administration will differ from the often ideologically rigid positions pursued by the Reagan administration for two presidential terms.
But Baker, a friend of the President elect and pragmatic political ally of long standing, may be hindered in his responses by his lack of direct foreign policy experience. President Reagan’s former chief of staff. Baker did obtain experience dealing with the world’s financial leaders as Secre-
tary of Treasury.
He drew up the Baker plan to deal with Latin American debt. The plan calls for increased lending by commercial banks to Latin America in return for economic restructuring.
Some expect Bush, who served as U.S. liaison officer to China and director of the Central Intelligence Agency, will seek to set his administration’s foreign policy direction himself, leaving Baker to manage it.
Baker does, in fact, possess,' skill as a tactical policy manager and a clear ability to deal easily with Congress.
While senators will seek to learn exactly what Baker will be asked to manage, some are dubious about obtaining concrete results, at least this early in the game.
“Baker will duck every substantive question,’’ was the flat prediction of one Democratic staff member who helped plan the two days of confirmation hearings and who asked not to be identified by name.
TOY TECH MOTORSPORT
parts and accessories for car, truck, minivan.
SUSPENSION • SAFETY EQUIP • TIRE • WHEEL • HI-PERFORMANCE • LIGHT • AREO BODY PACKAGE* OFF-ROAD EQUIP* STEEL GOODS* INTERIOR ACCESSORIES
INSTALLATION GIFT CERTIFICATES DELIVERY LOW PRICES
HOURS* T-F 12-6 SAT 10-3 • MAY BE ALTERED ON RACE WEEKENDS
543-3935
733-D BUCKLEY RD. SLO. CALL FOR DIRECTIONS
Hearst unsure of pardon
WESTPORT, Conn. (AP) — Newspaper heiress Patty Hearst Shaw says she’s not sure whether President Reagan’s recent expression of interest in her request for a pardon means one will be forthcoming.
"I don’t know,’’ she said during a brief interview Monday with The Advocate of Stamford at her Westport home.
“It’s a little premature for anything like that. If he (Reagan) doesn’t approve it, it would go to the next administration.’’
BUSH
were held in Tehran for 444 days and freed when President Reagan took office.
That history has given rise to speculation about the possible release of American hostages in Lebanon as Bush succeeds Reagan. The militant Shi’ite Moslem kidnappers are aligned with Iran, and a State Department official said Tehran can control their fate.
Bush and his high command intend to stand on a policy that rules out paying a price for release of Ajnerican hostages, on the ground that if kidnapping is seen as a profitable venture, U.S. citizens around the world will be put at risk.
That was Reagan policy, too, but the administration shipped arms to Iran to try to gain hostages’ release. Three Americans were freed in Lebanon during the arms deal period of 1985 and 1986.
While State Department analysts believe Iran controls the hostage situation. Bush said in the interview that while Tehran clearly has influence, he is not certain that that government has full control.
Bush said that as president he will be “alert to opportunity’’ to gain freedom for hostages, leaving no trail unexplored. “I’m one who thinks that some day we will have better relations with Iran,’’ he said. “And I’m one who thinks it’s in our interest to have better relations with Iran. And I’m one who thinks that Iran can take a handful of steps and demonstrate that they want better relations with the United States.
“And so to the degree Iran holds the key, holds most of the keys to unlock the locks, that could be helpful,’’ the presidentelect said.
But Bush said he does not hold “the naive view that if you have some dramatic meeting, that’s going to result in the instant release of hostages who are not held by Iran and in some instances may be held by clients of Iran.”
Bush said his interview comments visualizing better relations would send a message to Iran — “They’ll read this, they know me ... they know our administration.”
Shaw, granddaughter of newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst, last August quietly asked for a pardon for her role in the 1974 robbery of a bank.
She has maintained she was brainwashed by the radical Symbionese Liberation Army, a group of self-styled revolutionaries who abducted her in Berkeley, February 1974.
Shaw, now 34, is married and living in Westport with her husband and two daughters.
Imagine...
Never clean a contact lens again!
Two Great Cal Poly Gift Books
ïVî,
The London Experience
Selected drawings, paintings, poems, and short stories by Cal Poly students
and faculty.
$25.00
Cal Poly: A Photographic Portrait
Filled with beautiful photographs of our campus. $3750
Now available in the General
GRANT
1304 Ella Street Suite B San Luis Obispo
543-6121
10 Wednesday , January 18,1989 Mustang Daily
KING
From page 1
these conditions because members of my race are free in a way that black people were not free in 1963, and that Martin Luther King, Jr. was not free as long as he lived.”
On a balcony in Memphis, Tenn., April 4, 1968, a shot fired from a hidden sniper stole the life of 39-year-old King, the clergyman and civil rights leader who was instrumental in making America look at the way it treated blacks.
There was no time for goodbyes to the millions of blacks and whites across America who had focused their hopes on King as the spokesman for human dignity.
The dreamer was murdered but the dream could not be — the dream lives on in people like Covin who was invited to Cal Poly as part of the Distinguished Afro-American Lecture Series.
‘‘We are likely to forget that Martin Luther King’s active political life spanned about 13
years,” Covin said. ‘‘He was a youth in comparison to me.”
Covin said the center of King’s life was Christianity, not the often artificial kind shown on TV, but the kind that demands ac-
**'* ‘’•Hi'
^ ( hr>km|i(ininwi«h m ««m aprc lallv dr*«ra.d • ^ I» ••
ine	km pm e m IiIHI» Farfi * %	Mage« imrh ( hark»
tion.
Covin condemned Jerry Falwell, Jimmy Swaggart and Jim Bakker as examples of the kinds of men who perpetrate meanness, bigotry or pettiness. King believed Christianity meant loving your neighbor.
‘‘He used his religion,” Covin said. ‘‘But instead of the way others have used it for meanness and pettiness he used it for a broader vision of humanity and justice.”
Covin said he wanted to help establish the manner in which King’s birthday is celebrated.
‘‘I think the first several years of observation will set the precedent for how this holiday is to be observed,” Covin said. ‘‘This could be a time of superficialities and banalities.
‘‘This could become a time of pointless memorial marches. It could become a time of sales in retail stores. It could become a time of hearing the same speeches and seeing the same videotapes and films over and over again. I hope it becomes
THE
ATM-CHECKING' ACCOUNT FOR STUDENTS.
Only for ATM users.
Only $3.50 a month.
Only at Wells Fargo Bank.
Now Weils Fargo comes through with a checking account that’s perfect for students.
The ATM-Checking Account gives you round-the<lock access to your money at over 1200 Elxpress Stop* ATMs and over 5000 STAR* SYSTEM ATMs throughout the West. And you’ll get even more convenience with our exclusive 24-hour person-to-person service.
All this and unlimited checkwriting with no per-check charges. And no minimum balance to maintain.
F^ee for the summer!
As a student, your ATM-Checking Account will also be free of monthly service charges on your June, July and August monthly statements. And you can continue to use the AT’M and write all the checks you need, all summer long.
Why kx)k anywhere else? Open an ATM-Checking Account today. Only at Wells Fargo Bank.
Wells Fargo's policy on SiHilh Africa
Wells Fargi) has nc) loans in South Africa and has no i)ffk ea. investments or facilities there.Wells Fargo's policy is mil to make any loans to the government of SiHJth Africato any businesses based in South Africa
WELLS FARGO BANK
The Wells Fargo ATM-Checking Account is available exclusively at:
655 Marsh St. -San Luis Obispo 1001 Foothill Blvd.
none of that.”
Covin said the celebration should be a reflective time, for examining the treatment of blacks in this country.
‘‘In 1963 black people talked about ‘freedom now!’ — they talked about it because they did not feel free,” Covin said. ‘‘They were imprisoned by a system of laws and institutions which specifically and explicitly imposed a position of inferiority on them.”
Covin said that in the South his life could be taken from him for no reason. He related an experience he had in 1964 when he was working with a racially integrated group in the South. They had stopped for lunch at a restaurant for blacks, the only place a racially mixed group could eat together.
‘‘By the time I got ready to sit down all the tables were full,” Covin said. ‘‘I was the only one in my group without a seat so I went to the counter. The man I sat’ next to looked at me then he looked back at the group I was in. Then he looked back at me awhile and said ‘do you know where you is?’ I nodded and said ‘Ido.’
‘‘He looked at me awhile longer then he said, ‘Yeah, well, you in Mississippi — you and me they doesn’t think much of us here, they just as soon kill you as look at you.’ He asked me if I understood. He was trying to save my life.”
Covin said another time, while he was working for the civil rights movement in Alabama in the 60s, that a white minister had to sneak on and off the campus of a black college.
‘‘He came to speak to us ... if any white people had known, that would have been the end of his ministry and it might have been the end of his life,” Covin said. ‘‘That was not freedom for anyone — black or white.”
Covin said that many critics of the civil rights movement have said it lacked a focus.
“It is not true that the goals of the civil rights movement were vague,” he said. “The goals were so obvious and so clear they didn’t have to be defined. When people said they wanted freedom, any fool could see what they meant.”
Blacks wanted a say in the government, freedom from routine assaults, freedom from harassment and freedom to eat inside of restaurants instead of having to use the take-out window because it was illegal to go inside. Covin said. In short, freedom meant to be treated like human beings.
“They wanted futures for their children which were not demeaning and degrading,” Covin said. “Freedom. Freedom from those horrible, monstrous, terrifying and oppressive conditions. Freedom — the end of that madness.”
RESEARCH
From page 1
Academic Senate Research Committee will then review each project and the 10 best will be sent to Long Beach for a statewide competition to be held May S and 6.”
Each entry will be judged on the quality of the research, the quality of the presentation, and on the presentor’s ability to stimulate and respond to inquiries.
“First place winners in each category will be awarded $500 and each runner-up will receive $200.
In the past. Cal Poly has done rather well.
“We’ve had three winners,” said Lucas, “and two were undergraduate research projects.
“Past students who have competed said they had a great time and some even considered going on to grad school.
SOAR TO NEW HEIGHTS
You want a career where the sky is your limit and you are in control.
Become an Air Traffic Control Specialist... You’ll take off for career heights never before imagined.
You’ll have a career with a tomorrow because today’s aviation world is constantly expanding.
Enjoy a career with salaries up to $60K*plus, generous vacation, and excellent retirement.
A college degree in any major, work experience, or a combination of college and work will qualify.
Send your name and address on a postcard for an application and more information to:
Federal Avtatkxi Administratfon Dept: AP5 P.O. Box 26650 Oklahoma City, OK 73126
An Equal Opportunty Err^3loyer
Discover Today’s FAA
1
Mustang Daily Wednesday, January 18,1989	11
Reagan wanted Regan out long before chief of staff left
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Reagan, saying he’s bitter about former White House Chief of Staff Donald T. Regan’s “kiss and tell’’ book, has disclosed that he quietly prepared for his former aide’s departure for months before he left.
The president, in an interview broadcast on Cable News Network on Monday, insisted, “There was no firing at all.”
However, the president added that he planned to use a letter of resignation ™Regan had submitted months before. “1 set out at the same time, then, to start quietly, and hoping, leakproof, to have a successor on hand for when he announced
the time he was going to go,” Reagan said.
Reagan acknowledged in the interview that Regan had been having problems with Nancy Reagan, the first lady, and that one of his weaknesses as president is that “I know that I have a soft heart.”
Regan, who had been Treasury secretary, and then-White House chief of staff James A. Baker III told the president they wanted to switch jobs in early 1985, and he approved the request.
Regan left at the end of February 1987, at the height of the Iran-Contra scandal, and was replaced by former Sen. Howard Baker, R-Tenn.
Reagan insisted at the time he did not fire Regan, saying Regan had indicated at some earlier time he wanted to return to private business.
In	the	Monday night interview,
however, Reagan said he quietly hoped to be able use a letter of resignation which Regan had submitted months earlier when the chief of staff indicated he would not likely serve through Reagan’s entire second term.
“There was one of those leaks that seems to be so prevalent in this institution,” the president said.
“And it leaked publicly. And I guess he
felt insulted.”
Regan was infuriated when there were news reports of his resignation in late February 1986, coupled with reports of Baker’s selection.
CNN anchorman Bernard Shaw, at one point, asked Reagan about Maureen Reagan’s interview statement that allowing Regan to become chief of staff had been her father’s biggest mistake.
“I saw that. Happened to be watching television and saw that,” he replied.
Asked if he disagreed with her statement, the president said, “No, I said, ‘That’s my girl.’ ”

A
R
T
H
Y
Classified
***«*^1^^***** Winter Defiance ICEBREAKER ttiis Fn. Free tood.dnnks & Fun! Come check out what AMA'S all atx>ut' This Fn -details in Bus Bldg All WWcome!
A.8.E.T
First Meeting of Quarter Food-Refreshments Thursday Jan 19 UU 216 7:00 PM New Members \Ateloome*
AAAAGH!
WHEELMEN! Weekly Mtgs from now on'Time to gel REAL serious Wednesdays 8p Aircondilioning Engineenng 110 Beeeeee There*
AC&R CLUB MTG
WED 1/18 6 30PMBLD012RM110
spuaker-Frank Mayhew-conirols
ETAC ETME.NEW MEMBERS WELCOME
HAIRCUTS-$7.00 STYLE CUTS-S8 00 THE HAIR DEN 770 FoolhHI 543-1290 543-7871
LATINOS
WTERESTED W CHtCANO COMMENCEMENT-» CAU ADRIANA XI405 OR DAMC XI469 BETWEEN 1-5P M LET S DO IT!
Mustang Daily Classifieds
HAS A CONVENIENT DROP BOX LOCATED AT THE U U WFO DESK THE ADS WLL BE PICKED UP EACH DAY AT 10AM
AMNESTY WTERNATIONAL BENEFIT
The Rainbow Theatre Presents ‘A WORLD APART-Friday. January 20 7 00pm
BOWL FOR FUNI erne w/fmds or solo openRec.Fac/stff .Oorm & Greek Lgs Stan THIS WEEK 548pm Come early |Oin or caN 543-7492/544-3230
Come get m touch with yoursetf at the HD CLUBmeefmg wed Jan 18 6 30 pm Cottage 3
Come one come aN to the 2nd PS4E COUNCL meeting Jan 18 8pm bu4dmg 5^rm E26
WOUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGY SOCIETY MEETNG THURS 11 00 BLOG 26 new members wekxime.BBQ toaowng mig
OUTREACH for the developmentaliy disabied-sponsonng kids on the Block' Iniormation Night* Learn more about the developmentaliy disabled All are welcomel Wsd Jan 18lh 7 00-8 30pm.Bldg52rmA4
Poly Phase Book Xchange PAYBACKS THIS WEEK ONLY* 9-4pm Nr Chumash
SUNGLASSES' and an outstanding deal* Ray-Ban, OaklM. Vuarnet. Sundoud Revo's. Buoa. Gargoyles. Frogskins. Mam-Jrma, Hobie. and Ski Optics Cheap to Stan with plus t0% oft the top with a Cal Poly O Super Deals on swimwear, shorts and T-shirts too The Sea Bam Avila Beach
TAKING THE E.I.T?
E IT Test ^ deadline IS Jan 13 '89 S M E has review books to help you pass Includes Review.
sokitions.and Ref cards Retail S80 your coat S48 Also have apps cal Dustm 5445267.RobenS468599 or Bid 36
PHI KAPPA PSI SWEETHEART RUSH
COMING SOON
SIGMA NU-Thanks lor all the fun
On the Ski Trip! Same time next
year! Love the sisters of a PHI____________
The Men of PIKA wish to thank all the Bonitas señoritas' from the 'South of the Border' date pany Ws made a run for the border, and it was a great Fiesta!
Gracias from the Pikes
To my FAVORITE EK Michelle Todhunter you're beautiful inside and out-hanging out with you IS the best your opposite extreme
ANNUAL SAE/MDA 3-Man Over-the-Line Softball Tournament Sat Jan 21 For Details call 546-0231 or UU Booth Prizes Trophies
GOLDS GYM MEMBERSHIP, 3 YEARS Reg $20C-i-.now S150 549-0340
PORTABLE LAPTOP CASIO FA-11 W BULT-W TAPE DECK/PLOTTER AND PRINTER 16K PROGRAMMABLE IN BASIC. COMPLETE W RECHARG. MICADS. 1 to V AC CONVERTER. MANUALS IS $300 773-1615
UNIVEQA 12-8PEED,$100. OLYMPUS
POCKET 35-MM CAMERA.$50.20'
COLOR TV. $80 541-4596.STEW
-79 SUZUKI Q842S WITH HELMET.
GLOVES AND HANDBOOK. $350 543-9178
Bicycle Centaurian, almost new Shimanu. 350 00 obo or trade for mountain bike 549-8761
ONE ROOM IN TWO BEDROOM CONDO. W/D. MICRO. ALL UTILITIES PAID $250 549-0504
OWN ROOM $275 OBO. 2 BLOCKS FROM DOWNTOWN. 2 MILES FROM CAL POLY CALL 544-6115 AFTER 4:00____
ROOM FOR RENT in Laguna Greens condo Pvt. fum w/d FP 250 share or $500 Pvt Maureen 546-0864
WE NEED ROOMMATES
543-4950
MOUNTAPi BIKE FOR SALE 470 CALL CRIS 541-9496
Apt. For rent furnished laundry pooll BDRM 541-9170 or ^-2316
FURNISHED 3 BDM APT 10 OR 12 MONTH LEASE 543-1452______________
Los Osos mce turn room pnv entr kitchen use female nonsrnoker $250 includes utils 528-7736 after 6pm
Newly Redecorated 4Bdrm 1 Bath Open House Daily 1763 Lima 541-6165 $1050____________________
Our STUDIOS are next to Cal Poly, quiet.fully furnished including microwaves, and reasonably priced at $390/mo. They're filling fasi so call for more info 543-4950
ta«__M.__i
waniBO
Female smokers ages 18-25 free cholestrol analysia please contact Joanie 541-3713
Services
Nothings as pleasmg as a little stnp-teasmg* Catalina 772-5809
1968 VW Bug Standard 30000 miles on rebuilt er>gine New starter Good running condition Yellow Can Mike, eves $1100 595-7431
RoofiHfwtes
Trewel
RUSSIA THIS SUMMER* LENINGRAD MOSCOW SOCHI BERLM 18 DAYS $2200 NCLUOES AIRFARE 541-6429
If you got the we got the boats
YATER SKI CLUB
Lots of Activibes Havasu spBreak MTG Wbd18 730prn ^10 rm220video
^UBACLUB!
MEETNG ON WED-JAN 18TH SPRMG BREAK TR»> NFO* DIVES.POLY ROYAL.PARTIES
FOR MORE NFO ALLAN 543-0149
VSA BANQUET
Jan 21/5pm/780 Beko.Pismo Beach $12Aickat at 541-9581.543-4036
VIkCANT SPACE-UEC Operations « now accepting written proposals tor use of the current Foundalioo Business Ofhee space m the University Uraon begmnmg tO-t-89 Proposals may be submmed to Joan Henry n the ASI Business Office (UU 202) Deadline tor aN proposals IS t-26-89
100% APPROVAL ON VtSA/MCI
For free mto write -O D Credit Co 1445 Prefumo Cyn .1 SLO93401
FREE VISAJyiC app tor students Send a self addressed stamped envelope to KAHATSU MARKETP4G 734 S 4th Box 5 PhNa PA 19147
WIsight toes Support Group Meets every Thursday 11 to 1pm Health Center Room 115
I I
Amommiiwits
ACA SUPPORT GROUP Wbd eve 8 30 For more mfo caN Mike 544-0813 _
CARSES CONVENTION AT POLY! JAN 20.21 8AM-4PM Exhibits In Chumash.Sermnars In Theater for ETAC.ET.ME-CFC info ?77 Contact Barbara 544-7829
GET MVOLVED M WELLNESS Peer Health Education Positions avaNabla in.
SEXUALITY.ACS.ALCOHOL AND DRUG AWARENESS,LIFESTYLE WELLNESS.NUTRtnON AND ORAL HEALTH Learn about -Current health trerxis Communication skiNs -Teaching and Ckiunaelirrg -Networking
VALUABLE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE OPEN TO ALL MAJORS ApplicatKxrs are available at the Health Center X1211
INFORMATION MEETMGS: Thursday.Jan. 19.1989 11:00am Tuesday. Jan.24,1989 1:00pm HEALTH CENTER CONFERENCE RM
ALPHA CRISIS PREGNANCY CENTER 24-HR LIFELME 541-3367 FREE PREGNANCY TEST "A FRIEND FOR LIFE"
BIOFEEDBACK FOR STRESS & ANXIETY
WEDNESDAYS 3-5PM
JESPERSEN HALL 756-2511_______
DREAMWORK GROUP TUESDAYS 3-4 30PM JESPERSEN HALL 756-2511
»fCEST A SUPPORT GROUP FOR WOMEN
WEDNESDAYS 2-4PM
JESPERSEN HALL 756-2511_______
RE-ENTRY DISCUSSION GROUP THURSDAYS 11 AM-12PM JESPERSEN HALL 756-2511
STRESS k/TANAGEMENT GROUP MONDAYS 3-5PM JESPERSEN HALL 75^M11
tesYFreparation seminar
THURSDAY JANUARY 19TH 10AM-12PM CHASE HALL ROOM 104 756-1256
TENNIS ANYONE7
Sign up for the Ree Sports Winter quarter liarinis Program.First session Saturday Jan 21 10am. Call Ree Sports 756-1366 for details
BUSmESS OPPORTUNHY FOR ALL STUDENTS
Branch management positions available in your hometown dunng the sumrrrer Earn $6-15,0(X).and gam valuable business experience No investrrrent required Act now* Call Student Painters for more informatton 1-8(X)-426-644t
MARKETING SURVEY PERSONNEL Choose your hours Outstanding Commission, No sales Nat.lCo rated AAA by DAB 466-1580 Dan
PHI KAPPA PSI BLOOD DRIVE CHUMASH AUT JAN 24 9am-2bm
Wbuld you hke to work with kids In the High Sierras this summer Write-Boo Stem 4009 Sheridan Ct Auburn. Ca 95603 (916) 823-9260
FENDER ELECTRIC GUITAR.KAHLER TEMOLO.DIMARZIO SPLITTWQ HUM-BUCKER.HARD SHELL CASE.XLNT COND $275 CALL 541-2737-KYLE
FOR SÄLE SMITH-CORONA WORD PROCESSOR TYPEWRITER 14 LINE SCREEN UNLIMITED MEMORV 75000 WORD DICTIONARY AND MORE! ONLY $500 CALL 466-9154
Female roommate wanted for spring and winter quarters to share a room m mce apt Please call 544-2637 for information ygs/trx?
AAA*BEST PRICED CONDOS A HOMES LISTED FREE ^FORMATION PACKET 4MAILABLE ON CAMPUS CALL MARGUERITE CENTURY 21 54^-3432
BUYWG A HOUSE OR CONDO’ For a FREE LIST of all the least expensive houses A condos for sale m SLO CALL Steve Nelson 543-6370 arxt leave messat^e Farrell Smyth.Inc
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 18, 1989
Business Directory
GREAT MEALS GREAT DEALS See NAROONNE8 PIZZERIA MUSTANG DALY COUPONS J«i 12 edtoon
SHAPE UP FOR THE NEW YEAR*
SEE MALONEY'S GYM W JAN 13 ISSUE
The Wiz 1 -Hour Photo refer to the Jan 12 edition of the Mustang Daily coupons for more savings 562Calif Btvd 543-3106
Central Coast Schoola 4S1-4222 ^al Estate Licensing
Computer Training 481-4222
Wbrdstar/Wp State app now reg
WHTTE UON TOWMG Student Discounts 546-8697
BORAH’S AWARDS $43-6814 Special awards. Trophies, plaques
$43-3103
HELIUM BALLOON PKGS.
50 Balloons A Up rental met
NK SPOT SCREEN PRMTMG $43-7991
T-Shirts for dubs/special events
CAREER PLANNBIG.JOB SEARCH
Interviewing Resumes 541-8411
CalKomia style CHEESECAKE
IS for sale by the skee at the campus store!!!!
THE BODY FIRM Personalized
weight-loss programs 546-8278
A.S.A.P. UMO SERVICE Student Rates 549-6333
SL OPTOMETRIC CENTER 543-6632 Glasses-Contact Lenses-Eye Exams
ELECTROLYSIS $44-3396 Glenda
for permanent hair removal
RESUMES,graphk:s,laser prmts
DreamScape Does IT* 541-6234
BOB’S TV $43-2946 FREE EST.
S State TV.VCR.STEREO exp.t/31/89
GULLIVER'S TRAVEL 546-8612 University Union Cal Poly
CONSHA’S OFFICE SUPPLY
Typing $1.50 per page 773-$661_____
DON'T WORRY BE HAPPYILat me do your typmg.On campus PUADel 481-6976
RAR WORD PROCESSING $44-2591
(Roña) Servirw Cal Poly for 14yrs LASER PRINTER/studt rates/by appt
Resumes, Senior ProkKta A Morel Laser Printer Laura-549-8966
i^grogf
ROBIN TO THE RESCUEI 543-1666
Typing/WP? Our Name Says it All*
ArTpRI^CTTa MASTERS THESES
Linda Black 544-1305/466-0687
12 Wednesday .January 18,1989 Mustang Daily
Poly holds on in 2nd half
By Terry Lightfoot
Sport« Editor_________
The Cal Poly men’s basketball team played “will the real Mustangs please stand up’’ again Saturday night.
This time they came out winners even though they tried hard to lose in the second half against Cal State Bakersfield.
The Mustangs roared to a 42-28 point lead in the first half and looked like they had the game well in hand as they extended their lead to 18 points.
Then with about four minutes gone in the half, a double foul was called on Poly.
After four free throw attempts and a missed fieldgoal attempt, the Mustangs lead was cut to 14.
Bakersield found a secret weapon in Noel Nash who came off the bench and hit several three pointers to help the Roadrunners capture the lead with 10:14 left in the game.
The rest of the game was marred by scuffles between the players as tempers started to
RESTAURANT - CANTINA
We dare you to try our 60 oz. MARGARITAS!
Breakfast	Lunch
Open 7 days a week 7:00 a.m. - 10:00 p.m.
Dinner
1761 Monterey St.
SLO
543-8835
flare. Despite the ill-will. Poly stayed close until Bill Archer hit a three pointer to tie the game at 64-64.
The teams traded possessions for the next few minutes until Poly grabbed the lead 66-64 with 3:18 left to go.
Poly extended the lead to six, but the Roadrunners refused to die.
After a breakaway basket, the lead was cut to two, James Gamma iced the win by hitting both ends of the one-and-one making the final score 78-73.
One bright spot for the Mustangs was the first-half play of Errol Talley, who came in for starting Kurt Colvin who had picked up two quick fouls. Talley’s first contribution was a blocked shot on one end and a three-point play at the other. Talley converted three straight three-point opportunities and finished the half with 11 points.
The Mustangs shot 50 percent in the first half compared to 27 percent the shot in its previous game against Millersville.
Junior James Gamma led all scores with 18 points, followed by n.C Cashman, with 14.
Poly 9-4 overall. 1-0 in CCAA. will face Cal State LA 2-12 overall. 0-1 in CCAA. Thursday night in Mott Gym.
COME SEE US ON CAMPUS
FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF
CALIFORNIA
Will be holding an
INFORMATION SESSION
ON MONDAY. JANUARY 23. 1989
7:00 P.M. - 9:00 P.M. in Staff Dining Room "C"
*Campus Interviews:
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1989
o
FIRST INTERSTATE BANK
TOM VMKOCNJMtMtong Dally
Shawn Baad appHaa lough dafanaa during lha Mualanga’ win orar Saltar-flaid. Poly wNI faoa Cal Siala LA al Mali Qym on Thuraday.
PROPEL YOUR CAREER TO THE TOP IN NUCLEAR PROPULSION.
« NlAkif	Hklf
LikiM« wiaimp « «un» «4 tK
«>|Mifm>ni Mlihs	Ihi
•wrrhiiltdilis miLk jf n	I ^ Kww
•Ih m mskk-M	lA«'« a k4 ad uks«
jnjllh luihK<ai«'%fhThlh« ilh	rtmhk'^
\«aiiihk‘jt|YighiF«4i*4lh«T«jihlhLi« \*m ••tijNMaiili ’Unimt	miiMa
•daidk'Ri	iSSiKaiw« upauL««!*
Mhi ühJ«wIraiihTM mm»ilh	^Uaiaalhi
x*JM9«lhil
\lht «idAsr praJiuiaai %tai	a WM «4
graJiMh	\«J «a« gis ilh
«Mdw N>fh\i jrJ«x|hthiht ilyi %muIm
Ymt Navy l^paaaaaBl>aa^ LT «Al ha OT aw piaaa It la 1
la 1 PM , Thaiaday, tff
h*llh h4*>4iaw «4 \whfh4 « ImfIi h\ll whlw^rh^
W	*41h«t
Kmld* aihl4«4iJ>aLir% iluiaJiidfHM h* v4l IHI
l••«|•uilh «tai Mura K w«alM4 haiJiJ lu«a «anh«l aKhIhia	anJK jl x
«MAaiKiw«>iit**.Mj^««4r«i44dk \«aiiiarM iéw*lu«« «»awfdalaj é WWWWIIIMI «4 «ah ««4>«4bll «4«AmIw« jnJtjkMlM«	j F
j««T4Si «a Naiti
x«jn%«aw%^\f Ailh iiT \mlk4J1lh ^%mm% #»4 Vi«« idlhat I jB \j«« kljiLaN «hfii IVait^ai»* Uhi»
ILIJC Lfnés
NAVY OmCER
\bu «reTbmorrow. Vou are the Navy.
SLICE PIZZA BY THE SLICE PIZZA BY THE SLICE PIZZA OVERLOOKING U.U. PLAZA FIND US OVERLOOKING U.U. PLAZA
EACIKP 77A
S%SIEr llñ
$
FIND US OVERLOOKING U.U. PLAZA FIND US OVERLOOKING DEUVERY 756-4089 PIZZA DEUVERY 756-4069 PIZZA